<file=1>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK
      Business
      Tech
      Science selected
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

   Science  Environment
   Science  Environment

Saturn's weird hexagon changes colour

      25 October 2016
      From the section Science  Environment

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-37766918
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel
   Saturn hexagon Image copyright NASA

   The mysterious hexagon at Saturn's northern pole has changed colour
   from blue to gold, scientists have said.

   The hexagon is essentially a rotating cloud pattern; its shape may
   originate as the result of large differences in the speeds of Saturn's
   winds.

   The observation was made by Nasa's Cassini spacecraft, which has been
   exploring the sixth planet since 2004.

   The change in colour is thought to be the result of seasonal changes on
   the planet.

   In particular, the amount of sunlight falling on the poles affects the
   production of suspended particles - aerosols - in the atmosphere.

   Scientists think the shift from a bluish colour to a golden one may be
   due to more aerosols being produced through reactions involving
   sunlight and the atmosphere.

   This could be happening as the planet's north pole reaches its summer
   solstice in May 2017.

   Cassini was despatched to Saturn in 1997, to better understand the
   processes operating on Saturn and perhaps other giant planets.

   Using computer simulations, scientists have shown that small
   perturbations in winds flowing around the north pole can form a hexagon
   shape rotating at speeds close to those of the real one.

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

Top Stories

   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks

   Syrian rebel groups suspend participation in preparations for peace
   talks brokered by Russia.
   3 January 2017
   Trump derides North Korea missile claim
   3 January 2017
   Best-selling car in Sweden not a Volvo
   3 January 2017

Features  Analysis

House of Cards

   The family drama gripping Indian politics

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

A pneumonia-detecting coat

   ...and four other ingenious inventions you'll see in 2017
   Video

Jumbo orders

   Does the world's largest passenger plane have a future?
   Video

New faces

   The US Congress is the most diverse ever but still 80 male

Power to the burger

   How the humble steamed bun surprised Hong Kong

Lightbulb moment

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?

India's year

   Cartoonist's take on the cash crisis and the cheapest phone

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Wales
           Politics
      Business
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science selected
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=2>
   publisher Express.co.uk World RSS Feed

   [p?c1=2c2=12961652cv=2.0cj=1] Daily Express Search

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. expresslogo

    (Submit)
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed

   Daily
   Horoscope Our
   Apps Top
   10 Our
   Paper Paper
   Archive
   Weather 0°

   London
      HOME
      News
      Showbiz  TV
      Sport
      Comment
      Finance
      Travel
      Entertainment
      Life  Style

      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

      Home
      News
      World
      Hillary Clinton aide brands her WEIRD in damning leaked email

Hillary Clinton aide brands her WEIRD in damning leaked email

FRESH embarrassment was heaped on Hillary Clinton today as new leaked emails
revealed one of her closest allies blasting her as WEIRD.

   By Rebecca Perring Rebecca Perring
   PUBLISHED: 19:24, Tue, Oct 25, 2016
   | UPDATED: 21:44, Tue, Oct 25, 2016

   Hillary Clinton and John Podesta
   GETTY Hillary Clinton and John Podesta

   WikiLeaks, which notoriously publishes private and classified
   information, released the stolen e-mail which describes the
   presidential hopeful’s over-laughter as “authentic weirdness”.

   According to the e-mail from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s
   gmail account, strategist Luke Albee says: “She sometimes laughs a
   little too hard at jokes that aren’t that funny.”

   To which, Mr Podesta replies: “Laughing too hard is her authentic
   weirdness.”

   The Clinton camp have previously neither confirmed nor denied the
   veracity of the e-mails published by WikiLeaks.

Related articles

      High Street Kensington on LOCKDOWN after 'suspicious package' found
      RAF jets scrambled to intercept Russian bombers TWICE in one week

   Hillary Clinton and John Podesta GETTY
   John Podesta described Clinton's laugh as 'authentic'

     Laughing too hard is her authentic weirdness

     John Podesta

   Mrs Clinton’s over laughing has been used to fuel conspiracy theories
   about her health - some suggest laughter at inappropriate moments is
   proof she suffered a neurological or psychological problem.

   Damning e-mails also reveal how President Barack Obama knew about Mrs
   Clinton’s private e-mails while claiming he didn’t.

   In an interview in March 2015, when asked when he learned about Mrs
   Clinton’s use of “an email system outside the US government for
   official business”, Mr Obama replied: “The same time everybody else
   learned it, through news reports.”

   However in a hacked March 7 2015 e-mail released by WikiLeaks, Clinton
   spokesman Josh Schwerin says: “You probably have more on this.

   But it looks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her
   personal email when he saw it in the news.

   Hillary Clinton laughing GETTY
   Details about Hillary Clinton's campaign have come out in the leaked
   emails

Hillary Clinton in pictures

   Wed, November 30, 2016

Express Pictures looks at the extraordinary life of Hillary Clinton.

   Play slideshow
   (L-R) Pamela Fiori, Hillary Clinton, Katy Perry, and Caryl Stern speak
   on stage during the 12th annual UNICEF Snowflake Ball at Cipriani Wall
   Street on November 29, 2016 in New York City.
   Getty Images for UNICEF
   1 of 40

   (L-R) Pamela Fiori, Hillary Clinton, Katy Perry, and Caryl Stern speak
   on stage during the 12th annual UNICEF Snowflake Ball at Cipriani Wall
   Street on November 29, 2016 in New York City.

   US President Barack Obama GETTY
   The emails suggest President Obama knew about Clinton's use of emails
   outside business

   Mrs Clinton’s former chief of staff at the State Department, Cheryl
   Mills immediately replied in a private email to Mr Podesta saying: “We
   need to clean this up. He has emails to her - they do not say
   state.gov.”

   The e-mails also discussed how to react Bill Clinton’s sexual assault
   allegations and boosting Mrs Clinton’s public image.

   They also shed some light on the frayed relationship with long-term
   aide Doug Band after he branded the Clintons’ daughter as “spoiled
   brat”.

   Commenting on the veracity of the documents her spokesman Glen Caplin
   said: “We are not going to confirm the authenticity of stolen documents
   released by Julian Assange who has made no secret of his desire to
   damage Hillary Clinton."

Related articles

      Sweden crumbles under open-door migrant policy
      Orangutan escapes enclosure - zoo on LOCKDOWN
      Muslim toy store: Shop selling hijarbies opens to tackle extremism

   Hillary Clinton

  Most read in World

      1
       'Time to act' Italy calls for mass migrant deportations as half a
       million refugees arrive

'Time to act' Italy calls for mass migrant deportations as half a million
refugees arrive
      2
       CHAOS IN GERMANY: Migrant sex attacks and fireworks thrown at
       POLICE during NYE events

CHAOS IN GERMANY: Migrant sex attacks and fireworks thrown at POLICE during
NYE events
      3
       More than 250 rioters SMASH kebab shop after 'group of Arab men
       stab young local to death'

More than 250 rioters SMASH kebab shop after 'group of Arab men stab young
local to death'
      4
       Cardinal who could be next Pope warns not to judge Donald Trump -
       but blasts Brexit

Cardinal who could be next Pope warns not to judge Donald Trump - but blasts
Brexit
      5
       Soros' bleak 2017 forecast: Billionaire warns EU will FALL after
       elite 'STOLE democracy'

Soros' bleak 2017 forecast: Billionaire warns EU will FALL after elite 'STOLE
democracy'

  Latest videos

   Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead suspect ISIS
   terrorism

Chilling footage shows 'Istanbul ISIS gunman' taking SELFIE VIDEO before club
massacre

   French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's Eve arson attack
   increase Le-Pen

French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars
set on fire

   Celebrity Big Brother 2017 James Jordan ‘It was made for me’

Celebrity Big Brother 2017: ‘It was made for me’ James Jordan talks shock
return

   Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear missile weapon threat
   Twitter it won't happen

'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile
threat to the US

   The Archers Sara Coward dying Caroline Sterling alive Michael Cochrane
   wife

The Archers: Terminally ill Sara Coward asks for Caroline Sterling
replacement after death

   Merkel saviour Europe left wing Emmanuel Macron France President
   immigration Germany Merkel saviour Europe left wing Emmanuel Macron
   France President immigration Germany

'Merkel's a SAVIOUR' French presidential hopeful hails German open-door
immigration policy

   Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead suspect ISIS
   terrorism Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead
   suspect ISIS terrorism

Chilling footage shows 'Istanbul ISIS gunman' taking SELFIE VIDEO before club
massacre

   Syria asylum seeker Saarland Germany money ISIS non Muslim attack
   Merkel Berlin Amri Syria asylum seeker Saarland Germany money ISIS non
   Muslim attack Merkel Berlin Amri

Asylum-seeker arrested for 'BEGGING ISIS for more than £150,000 to help kill
non-Muslims'

   Iceland EU referendum coalition government European Union Iceland EU
   referendum coalition government European Union

ICEIN? Iceland 'to hold referendum whether to JOIN crumbling EU' as new
government forms

   French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's Eve arson attack
   increase Le-Pen French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's
   Eve arson attack increase Le-Pen

French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars
set on fire

   Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear missile weapon threat
   Twitter it won't happen Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear
   missile weapon threat Twitter it won't happen

'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile
threat to the US

   Commemorations Belgium mark centenary Passchendaele battle
   Commemorations Belgium mark centenary Passchendaele battle

Commemorations to be held in Belgium to mark centenary of Passchendaele
battle

   Coalition Service Member US Fighting Islamic State ISIS killed Iraq
   Coalition Service Member US Fighting Islamic State ISIS killed Iraq

British soldier fighting ISIS in Iraq dies in incident 'not as result of
enemy activity'

   old person dies falling down cruise ship ventilation shaft lays
   undiscovered two months old person dies falling down cruise ship
   ventilation shaft lays undiscovered two months

OAP dies after falling down cruise ship ventilation shaft and isn't found for
TWO months

   2017 predictions world events elections shape politics this year US
   Europe Syria 2017 predictions world events elections shape politics
   this year US Europe Syria

2017 SHOCK PREDICTIONS: How eight key global events could CHANGE the world
this year

     Daily Express

   George Soros EU 2017 forecast democracy George Soros EU 2017 forecast
   democracy

Soros' bleak 2017 forecast: Billionaire warns EU will FALL after elite 'STOLE
democracy'

   Italy eurozone euro quit Lira economy Italy eurozone euro quit Lira
   economy

Return of the LIRA: Italy WILL quit the eurozone in 2017, top German
economist warns

   Polish rioters smash kebab shop arab men stab young local Elk male
   Polish rioters smash kebab shop arab men stab young local Elk male

More than 250 rioters SMASH kebab shop after 'group of Arab men stab young
local to death'

   Berlin terror attack Anis Amri played asylum system Germany security
   services Berlin terror attack Anis Amri played asylum system Germany
   security services

Berlin Christmas market attacker ‘played’ asylum system - but agency denies
any fault

   http://games.express.co.uk/quizzes-games?game=arkadiuminc13/a-which-wor
   ld-leader-are-you

   China schoolgirl trapped glass doors friends Mojiang County Special
   Education College China schoolgirl trapped glass doors friends Mojiang
   County Special Education College

Trapped Chinese schoolgirl needs firemen to rescue her after sick joke goes
terribly wrong

   Catholic cardinal Christoph Schoenborn judge Donald Trump brexit
   Christian Middle East Catholic cardinal Christoph Schoenborn judge
   Donald Trump brexit Christian Middle East

Cardinal who could be next Pope warns not to judge Donald Trump - but blasts
Brexit

   Property price crash financial crisis market slow down Brexit Property
   price crash financial crisis market slow down Brexit

Fears of global property price crash amid 'dangerous' market slow-down

   donald trump biographer harry hurt criticalgolf course rough comments
   donald trump biographer harry hurt criticalgolf course rough comments

Trump kicks biographer off golf course for 'rough' treatment in his book

   Australia New Years Eve celebration Adelaide Police arrests riot
   vandalism Australia New Years Eve celebration Adelaide Police arrests
   riot vandalism

Shocking New Years Eve celebrations lead to street chaos as 140 people are
arrested

   Migrants dirty protest throw faeces prisons Germany Migrants dirty
   protest throw faeces prisons Germany

Prisons desperate as migrants stage ‘dirty protests’ and throw FAECES at
guards

   brazil prison riot 60 killed rival gangs manaus amazon jungle brazil
   prison riot 60 killed rival gangs manaus amazon jungle

60 killed in prison riot between rival gangs in Amazon jungle

   migration trends 2017 things impact immigration this year predictions
   migrant crisis migration trends 2017 things impact immigration this
   year predictions migrant crisis

Migration trends 2017: Six things which will have a huge impact on
immigration this year

   Egyptian man filmed half naked CCTV attempted rape tourist Rome Italy
   hotel Egyptian man filmed half naked CCTV attempted rape tourist Rome
   Italy hotel

Egyptian man filmed half naked after trying to rape tourist in hotel room

   Egemen Bagis slams EU over Istanbul terror attack Egemen Bagis slams EU
   over Istanbul terror attack

'We need SUPPORT!' Ex-Turkish MP hits out at EU in wake of Istanbul terror
attacks

   Auschwitz holocaust visitors record number 2016 Auschwitz holocaust
   visitors record number 2016

Record number of more than two million people visited Auschwitz in 2016

   angela merkel donald trump davos world economic forum angela merkel
   donald trump davos world economic forum

Merkel to skip World Economic Forum for SECOND year running 'to avoid Trump
questions'

   barack obama what do next president white house michelle biography
   barack obama what do next president white house michelle biography

Obama: Last days in the White House – what next for the man who was
President?

   russian royal family winter palace wardrobe on sale russian royal
   family winter palace wardrobe on sale

Russian royal family's Winter Palace fancy wardrobe on sale for £98,000

   Gunman kills 12 people son ex-wife New Year's Eve party Brazil Gunman
   kills 12 people son ex-wife New Year's Eve party Brazil

Gunman kills 12, including son and ex-wife, as New Year's Eve party turns
into bloodbath

   germany terror attack man syria arrested police cars drive into crowds
   new years eve germany terror attack man syria arrested police cars
   drive into crowds new years eve

Syrian man 'planned to use POLICE CARS to ram into crowds' in Germany NYE
terror attack

   Myanmar video police beat Muslin Rohingya villagers Myanmar video
   police beat Muslin Rohingya villagers

Investigation launched after video emerges of police beating Muslim villagers

   Venice canals dry: Extremely low tide sees gondolas beached in canals
   Venice canals dry: Extremely low tide sees gondolas beached in canals

Venice canals RUN DRY: Extremely rare low tide sees gondolas beached on muddy
banks

   ISIS Istanbul terror attack survivor ISIS Istanbul terror attack
   survivor

Istanbul nightclub survivor PLAYED DEAD to avoid being killed by ISIS gunman

   ISIS suicide bomber hits Baghdad Iraq market ISIS suicide bomber hits
   Baghdad Iraq market

Barbaric video captures moment ISIS suicide bomber strikes Iraqi market

   Germany scrap minimum wage refugee migrant workers internships Germany
   scrap minimum wage refugee migrant workers internships

Germany considers SCRAPPING minimum wage for refugee and migrant workers

   ISIS Turkey Istanbul New Year bombing Syria ISIS Turkey Istanbul New
   Year bombing Syria

Turkey fights back: ISIS targets obliterated by jets after New Year's club
attack

   SEARCH

    (Submit)

   CONNECT WITH US
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed
      Check our YouTube channel

   TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Tuesday, 3rd January 2017

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

   News
      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

   UK Politics
      Political Parties
      Politicians
      Constituencies
      EU Referendum

   Sport
      Football
      Transfer news
      UFC
      F1
      Boxing
      Cricket
      Golf
      Tennis
      Rugby Union
      Other
      Racing

   Pics
      Pictures
      Celebrity Galleries
      Royal Galleries
      Sport Galleries

   Vids
      Videos

   Comment
      Express Comment
      Columnists
      Beachcomber

   Finance
      City  Business
      Personal Finance
      Retirement
      The Crusader

   Travel
      Cruise
      Activity Holidays
      Beach Holidays
      Short  City breaks
      Travel News

   Entertainment
      Films
      Gaming
      Theatre
      Books
      Music
      Puzzles

   Puzzles
      Horoscope
      Offers
      Competitions
      Bingo
      Jackpot Millions

   Life  Style
      Health
      Cars
      Life
      Garden
      Food
      Style
      Diets
      Win
      Tech
      Property
      Saturday
      S Mag
      Top 10 Facts

   EXPRESS.CO.UK
      Sitemap
      Site Archive
      Contact Us
      Advertising
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Terms  Conditions
      Design by Netro42
      Syndication and Licensing
      Clarifications and Corrections

      Daily Star
      OK! Magazine
      new! Magazine
      Star Magazine
      Health Lottery

   Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express"
   is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
<file=3>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › tv  radio

      music
      games
      books
      art  design
      stage
      classical
      film

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Television
   The other side

Fancy some pinecone juice? The weird world of Ben Fogle's New Lives in the
Wild

   The adventurer’s series follows those who opted to leave the modern
   world behind. This week he has a close encounter with an amorous
   Swedish punk

   en Fogle and Lisa ‘Lynx’ Shepherd

   The wild bunch… Ben Fogle and Lisa ‘Lynx’ Shepherd.

   Harriet Gibsone

   Harriet Gibsone
   @harrietgibsone

   Tuesday 25 October 2016 09.00 BST
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

   First things first: apologies to Ben Fogle, whose series the Guardian
   has managed to ignore for its four previous seasons. I can only assume
   that everyone working here has been so busy swiping left and drooling
   in a digital stupor to give this simple, sweet rejection of the
   hyper-connected world the props it deserves.

   New Lives follows Fogle as he lives with people who have abandoned
   modern luxuries for soil and, frequently, solitude. You might consider
   it part of a wider trend for “digital detox” retreats, in which people
   hooked on the dopamine hit attained from an accidental Snapchat
   FaceSwap with a baby/walnut are forced to lie in a bath filled with
   rice until their brain is reconfigured. None of that faddy crap for the
   focus of this week’s episode, though. Swedish eco-warrior Lynx Vilden
   is the real deal. She strictly follows stone-age survival rules while
   living in a frozen forest in Seattle, promoting a radically
   self-sustaining existence that mainly involves being really cold and
   really dirty.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/5qajkpoYVBg?wmode=opaque

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Fogle first meets Vilden deep within the woods, where she makes her
   entrance on a stout horse while wearing a pointy pixie hat. The sexual
   tension is electric. “You look amazing,” says Fogle, whose “Ursula
   Andress wading through the ocean in a white bikini” fantasy appears to
   be a punk dressed in animal skins and straddling a pony. Her archaic
   existence also involves drinking boiled pine cones and washing her
   teeth with twigs. Sunday morning at Glastonbury, essentially.

   Throughout the rest of the episode, we see Fogle cook, chat and keep
   fires alight with Vilden, a former hedonist whose new life has
   propelled her towards a different kind of extreme. At one point, Fogle
   is woken up in the middle of the night to the sound of her taking a
   slash in a bowl. He seems bewitched, and I can see why. Vilden’s
   unvarnished qualities are aspirational. She’s the person you smirk at
   for having blonde dreads and wearing a felt Zelda costume at a party,
   but by the end of the night you’re half-naked up a tree with a tattoo
   of an acorn on your arse. She made you ceremonially stamp on your
   iPhone 7 earlier, and you’ve agreed to babysit a bevy of otters for her
   next weekend. You also might be a bit pregnant. With her twins.

   While other shows about the wild – eg. anything Bear Grylls-affiliated
   – are riddled with chest-thumping machismo, there are ethical,
   environmentally driven intentions to New Lives In The Wild that make
   for wholesome, if sobering, TV. But there is personal tragedy in this
   episode, too: Vilden lives alone. She has a daughter, who was brought
   up for a while in the wild but now lives in the city. At one point she
   gives a desperate plea to camera, calling for a caveman to sweep her
   off her feet. You suspect she might want him to be Fogle.

   Much to my dismay, the likelihood of romance on is low. According to
   our presenter, Lynx has a “unique odour”. In an act of defiance she
   shows him her bath to prove she does wash. It’s an iron pot heated by a
   fire, which she calls the Cannibal Tub. “I really thought you were
   going to eat me!” shouts Fogle – dressed now in a pair of small blue
   pants – as he joins her to soak in 10 years’ worth of dead skin and
   pubic hair. “The evening’s not over,” Vilden smiles. For the first
   time, Fogle looks nervous, like he wishes he wasn’t trapped in a
   cauldron in Washington state with a woman who wants to rut him into a
   pulp and use his leftover skin as a waterproof. Or maybe he just misses
   his iPhone.

   Ben Fogle’s New Lives in the Wild begins tonight, 9pm, Channel 5
     

   More features

Topics

      Television
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio selected
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › TV  radio
      › Television

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=4>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › classical

      film
      tv  radio
      music
      games
      books
      art  design
      stage

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Adelaide festival 2017

Adelaide festival 2017 program: Cate Blanchett and Shakespeare get dark,
weird and surreal

   Program spanning opera, film, dance, music, performance art and theatre
   to feature Rufus Wainwright’s ‘symphonic visual concert’ and Neil
   Armfield’s outdoor production of The Secret River

   Cate Blanchett in Del Kathryn Barton’s short film Red

   Cate Blanchett in Del Kathryn Barton’s spider-inspired short film Red,
   which is premiering at Adelaide festival. 2017 Photograph: Adelaide
   festival

   Steph Harmon

   Steph Harmon
   @stephharmon

   Thursday 27 October 2016 03.47 BST Last modified on Thursday 27 October
   2016 05.07 BST
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

   Canadian-American singer Rufus Wainwright, Australian theatre
   production The Secret River, Barrie Kosky’s production of Handel’s
   opera Saul and a film by artist Del Kathryn Barton starring Cate
   Blanchett mark the highlights of 2017’s Adelaide festival.

   The March festival is the first under the co-artistic direction of
   Rachel Healy and Neil Armfield, who worked together for almost a decade
   at Sydney’s Belvoir St Theatre.

   The program for the 2017 Adelaide festival, which is run concurrently
   with Adelaide fringe, Adelaide writers’ week and Womadelaide, is a
   celebration of the dark, weird and surreal. Thursday’s announcement
   also featured details of new festival hub the Riverbank Palais, which
   will float on the river Torrens throughout March.

Adelaide festival to revive historic floating venue on river Torrens

   Read more

   Andrew Bovell’s adaptation of Kate Grenville’s The Secret River,
   directed by Armfield himself, is set to be one of the festival
   highlights. The stunning first contact story, which won six Helpmann
   awards, will be remounted at the Anstey Hill quarry, a natural outdoor
   amphitheatre. “We’re bringing in a sense of ownership for the Kaurna
   people, given that this is happening on Kaurna land,” Armfield said.

   The festival will also feature the Australian premiere of Red, a new
   short film by two-time Archibald prize-winning painter Del Kathryn
   Barton and starring Cate Blanchett. The film is inspired by the bizarre
   mating ritual of the redback spider, whose males offer themselves up to
   the female as a post-coital meal, and has been described as “a
   surrealist cinematic offering and a savage tale of female power”.

   Lars Eidinger as King Richard in Richard III

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Lars Eidinger as King Richard in Richard III, directed by Thomas
   Ostermeier for Schaubühne Berlin, and showing at the Adelaide festival.
   Photograph: Arno Declair

   Adelaide will also be treated to Rufus Wainwright’s “symphonic visual
   concert” Prima Donna, which will be matched with highlights from Rufus
   Does Judy, the artist’s recreation of Judy Garland’s 1961 Carnegie Hall
   concert which has never been performed outside of the iconic venue; UK
   company Complicite’s immersive theatre experience The Encounter, which
   is also part of Sydney festival’s 2017 program; and Schaubühne Berlin’s
   strange, sinister and adrenaline-filled production of Richard III,
   directed by Thomas Ostermeier, which Healy said was suitable “for
   anyone who’s fearful that Shakespeare is usually served up lukewarm”.

Thomas Ostermeier: Richard III? He's a rock star, a standup comedian

   Read more

   Richard III follows on from the company’s production of Hamlet, which
   played at 2010’s Sydney festival. The lead performance by Lars
   Eidinger, who also played the title role in Hamlet, has been described
   as “mesmerising”.

   Healy and Armfield also pointed to Betroffenheit, a new dance work
   about the experience and aftermath of grief by rising dance star
   Crystal Pite and Canadian theatremaker Jonathon Young, who lost his
   daughter as well as a niece and a nephew in a cabin fire in 2009. Healy
   described the piece, which received a five-star review in the Guardian,
   as “one of the most memorable and affecting pieces of work that I can
   remember seeing”.

   Crystal Pite and Jonathon Young’s Betroffenheit

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Memorable and affecting: Crystal Pite and Jonathon Young’s
   Betroffenheit. Photograph: Michael Slobodian

   In Lebanese-British artist Tania El Khoury’s sound installation Gardens
   Speak, audiences will literally dig into the soil to hear the stories
   of 10 Syrians who lost their lives in the civil war.

   Italian intersex performer Silvia Calderoni will blur fiction with
   biography and performance art with monologue in MDLSX, an exploration
   of gender fluidity and identity. Armfield, who saw MDLSX in Rome,
   called it an “amazing performance” but one that was “very hard to
   classify – I suppose you’d call it dance theatre”.

   The program is packed with classical music, including a one-night-only
   performance of one of the first operas ever staged, Monteverdi’s
   L’Orfeo, which will be recreated by baroque ensemble Concerto Italiano;
   and the festival’s previously announced centrepiece, Handel’s opera
   Saul directed by Barrie Kosky. Described by the Guardian as “a
   theatrical and musical feast of energetic choruses, surreal
   choreography and gorgeous singing” when it premiered in 2015,
   Christopher Purves will be reprising the title role, joined by a local
   and international cast.

   Silvia Calderoni blurs genre and explores gender in MDLSX

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Silvia Calderoni blurs genre and explores gender in MDLSX. Photograph:
   Renato Mangolin

   There will also be a suite of chamber music performances to showcase
   the new concert hall at the picturesque Mount Barker Summit. Curated by
   Anna Goldsworthy, Chamber Landscapes will focus on Schubert and be held
   over six days, with Australian composers including Calvin Bowman,
   Deborah Cheetham and William Barton responding to the landscape.

   Among home-grown productions is the world premiere of theatremakers
   William Yang and Annette Shun Wah’s The Backstories, which will explore
   the Asian-Australian experience with collaboration from prominent South
   Australians including chef Cheong Liew, football official Moya Dodd and
   fashion designer Razak Mohammed.

   There will also be a performance of a new experimental dance work by
   Restless Dance Theatre, held in an Adelaide hotel; and 1967: Music in
   the Key of Yes – a musical celebration of the 1967 referendum, in which
   more than 90 of Australians voted to remove racist clauses from the
   Australian constitution.

   For families, Manual Cinema’s Magic City will use overhead projections,
   shadow puppets and live-feed cameras to create real-time animated
   cinema based on the children’s classic by Edith Nesbit; and Adelaide
   Symphony Orchestra will join Miriam Margolyes for a retelling of Peter
   and the Wolf.

   • Adelaide festival takes place from 3-19 March, with the full festival
   program online now
     

   More features

Topics

      Adelaide festival 2017
      Festivals
      Cate Blanchett
      Art
      Opera
      (Submit) More…
      Classical music
      Adelaide
      South Australia
      Pop and rock
      Theatre
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › Adelaide festival 2017

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=5>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › tv  radio

      music
      games
      books
      art  design
      stage
      classical
      film

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Television
   Last night's TV

World of Weird review – entertaining, if not exactly edifying

   Pretend vampires, rodent-lovers, zentai-practitioners, and a man who
   paints portraits with his genitals. Well, it made for an occasionally
   funny hour of TV

   Tim ‘Pricasso’ Patch and presenter Joel Dommett in their painting
   outfits.

   Tim ‘Pricasso’ Patch and presenter Joel Dommett in their painting
   outfits. Photograph: Pro Co/Channel 4

   Tim Dowling
   @IAmTimDowling

   Thursday 29 September 2016 07.10 BST
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

   There’s a large branch of televisual entertainment that relies on
   people doing strange and disconcerting things, either as some kind of
   challenge or ritual humiliation, or as the price you pay for being
   allowed to call yourself a celebrity when you aren’t really. Then there
   are those folks who do odd things off their own bat, because they’re
   odd. You don’t have to give them reasons or offer them money. You just
   have to find them.

   World of Weird (Channel 4) is a series that does just that, and it’s a
   very sturdy formula. The only possible difficulty its producers might
   have faced is a global shortage of weirdness, but once they tracked
   down the man who paints pictures with his penis, I’m sure they felt
   they were away.

   Tim Patch – AKA Pricasso – lives in Queensland in a house he built
   himself. He wears an outsize pink top hat and matching bow tie when he
   works, and not much else. He produces, he reckons, about 1,000 canvases
   a year, mostly on commission, although success in his particular
   discipline comes at a price. “I go through a lot of skin,” he says.

   It has been said that half an hour spent in the company of someone who
   is good at his job is never wasted. As a corollary to that, I would
   suggest that 15 minutes spent watching a guy paint with his dick will
   make you feel a lot better about how you waste your own time, with the
   possible exception of the preceding 15 minutes.

   To say that Pricasso paints with his penis isn’t completely accurate;
   he also paints with his balls and arse. He has a method for doing the
   canvas edges he calls “the credit card swipe” that, I must confess, I’m
   still a little haunted by.

   Pricasso’s paintings are mostly portraits, either of famous people or
   paying sitters. The best thing I can say about them is that they’re not
   bad, considering. Presenter Joel Dommett had a go at producing a still
   life using only his member, which proved, if nothing else, that it’s
   harder than it looks. I thank you.

   World of Weird also turned our jaded attentions to Texan vampire
   Michael Vachmiel, who is part of a subculture dedicated to combining
   gothic fashions with total nonsense. The programme claimed there might
   be as many as 5,000 vampires in the US, although I would suggest the
   true figure is much closer to zero.

   Vachmiel calls himself a “sanguinarian”, which means he drinks blood.
   His source – a “black swan” in pretend-vampire parlance – is a
   29-year-old woman who goes by the name of Blut Katzchen. It’s a
   consensual relationship, although it was unclear what she got out of
   it, and even less clear after she explained. “For me, it’s a spiritual
   thing,” she said. “It’s an exchange of energy. It’s growing your own
   energy ... and one of the ways to regrow energy is by giving it out.” I
   think if that explanation made any more sense it would violate the
   first law of thermodynamics.

   One of the pitfalls of televising weird people is that you could end up
   with people who are just being weird to get on television. Obviously,
   publicity is a big part of the dick-painting business (as seen on TV!),
   but I had the feeling that everyone involved in World of Weird would
   persist with their niche enthusiasms whether or not they attracted
   wider notice.

   Jackie and Chico the capybara.

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Jackie and Chico the capybara. Photograph: Pro Co/Channel 4

   That might not be true of Jackie from Texarkana, who keeps a capybara
   as a pet. Even as she extolled the joys of having an 8st rat about the
   house, Jackie seemed to be starting down the long journey toward
   accepting her mistake. Chico the capybara is ungovernable, prone to
   escape attempts and occasionally aggressive. “Chico doesn’t necessarily
   like Jeff,” said Jackie, as Chico cornered Jackie’s husband in the
   kitchen. It was obvious that Jeff didn’t like Chico either. In a few
   years, Chico will weigh more than Jeff, and Jackie will probably have
   a choice to make.

   World of Weird made for an entertaining, if not exactly edifying hour.
   It has a tolerant, live-and-let live attitude toward its subjects, and
   it was occasionally very funny. At the end, Vicky Pattison of Geordie
   Shore undertook an investigation of the Japanese practice of zentai,
   which involves shy people dressing up in skintight, all-body Lycra
   costumes for anonymous erotic encounters. Gamely perched on the edge of
   a bed where a zentai threesome were slithering about like snakes,
   Pattison decided it was time to make her excuses. “I don’t think it’s
   too long before one of these geezers is wearing this lass
   like a hat,” she said.
     

   More reviews

Topics

      Television
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio selected
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › TV  radio
      › Television

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=6>
   The Telegraph
   (Submit)
      Premium
      News
      Sport
      Business
      Money
      Opinion
      Obituaries
      Travel
      Tech  Science
      Culture
      Film
      TV
      Lifestyle
      Fashion
      Luxury
      Cars
      Video
      Christmas

      Free Mobile App
      Jobs
      Financial Services
      Rewards
      Events
      Dating
      Offers
      Shop
      Garden Shop
      Bookshop
      Box Office
      Puzzles
      Fantasy Football
      Wine Shop
      Work at The Telegraph

      Log out
      My Account
      Subscribe
      Rewards
      Video

      Login
      Register
      Subscribe
      Rewards
      Video

      Log out
      Rewards
      My Account
      Video

   The Telegraph
      Home
      News
      Sport
      Business

   (Submit) ALL SECTIONS
      Culture
      TV

      TV Guide
      News
      Reviews
      On demand
      Strictly Come Dancing

   (Submit) More
      Telegraph
      Culture
      TV

World of Weird: a pale imitation of Tarrant on TV: review

   1

   Chico the capybara Chico the capybara Credit: Channel 4
      Michael Hogan

   28 September 2016 • 11:05pm

   World of Weird (Channel 4) was like tumbling down a rabbit hole and
   ending up in the early Nineties, a pre-internet world when we relied on
   shows like Eurotrash or Tarrant on TV to bring us faintly titillating
   clips from around the globe. World of Weird isn’t so much an update of
   those formats as a wan imitation.
   Australian artist Pricasso (right) with his artwork
   Australian artist Pricasso (right) with his artwork Credit: Channel 4

   This opening episode of the second series comprised four films randomly
   bolted together. Woefully unfunny comedian Joel Dommett travelled to
   Australia’s Gold Coast to visit Pricasso – the world’s only artist to
   paint with his penis. He wore a pink stetson with matching bow tie,
   which was never properly explained. Pricasso recently painted a
   portrait of Donald Trump, which seemed apt.
   "Vampire King" Michael and Blut
   "Vampire King" Michael and Blut Credit: Channel 4

   Over in Texas, Blue Peter alumnus Ayo Akinwolere investigated America’s
   vampire community, including self-styled “Vampire King” Michael and his
   “black swan” (a sympathetic donor) Blut, who let him suck her blood. We
   also met local rednecks Jackie and Jeff, who kept a pet capybara. It
   turned out, unsurprisingly, that the world’s largest rodent made a
   terrible house pet.

   Finally, Vicky Pattison (the winner of last year’s I’m a Celebrity…)
   headed to Tokyo to become a Zentai, who dress in full-body Lycra and
   exploit their new-found anonymity by writhing around in “love hotels”
   with strangers.
   Vicky Pattison and Zentai
   Vicky Pattison and Zentai Credit: Channel 4

   The irritatingly squeamish presenters – Pattison was the only one who
   was halfway tolerable – squirmed, giggled, gurned to camera and failed
   to ask insightful questions. The voice-over script substituted
   gratuitous swearing for wit. A running time of one hour felt far
   longer.

   This was the kind of derivative schedule-padding you’d expect to find
   on Channel 5 or in some far-flung corner of cable television. Channel 4
   is obliged, by charter, to take risks. Airing tired nonsense like this
   – or, indeed, spending £75 m on Bake Off – isn’t enough.
   Follow Telegraph Entertainment

READ MORE ABOUT:

      Rodents
      Internet
      Channel 4
      Show more

Editor's Choice

    1. Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) - Sherlock
       03 Jan 2017, 7:08am

Sherlock: Cumberbatch's return in The Six Thatchers was worth all the hype -
review
       4
    2. The best TV of 2016: (clockwise from top left) Stranger Things,
       Planet Earth II, Happy Valley, Game of Thrones
       02 Jan 2017, 9:19am

The top 10 TV shows of 2016
    3. Rick Wakeman, who trained as a concert pianist but ‘chose a
       different route’
       02 Jan 2017, 7:00am

Rick Wakeman: 'David Bowie said I was right to turn down Spiders from Mars
for Yes' - interview
       Premium
    4. From Victoria Wood to David Bowie: culture stars who died in 2016
       Gallery
       01 Jan 2017, 2:39pm

Gallery: From Victoria Wood to David Bowie: culture stars who died in 2016
    5. Bestof
       31 Dec 2016, 5:04pm

The 20 best films of 2016

   IFRAME: http://widgethost.barnebys.com/widget/telegraph/9/int/

TV latest

    1. Sarah Jessica Parker stars a bored wife Frances in in HBO series
       Divorce
       03 Jan 2017, 7:54am

Divorce week: Is boredom ever a good reason to destroy a marriage?
       Premium
    2. Patrick Knapp Schwarzenegger, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tyra Banks
       on The New Celebrity Apprentice
       03 Jan 2017, 7:33am

Arnold Schwarzenneger immediately outdoes Trump in the New Celebrity
Apprentice - review
       2
    3. Yellowstone: The Wildest Winter
       03 Jan 2017, 7:16am

What's on TV tonight: Yellowstone: The Wildest Winter and How to Lose Weight
Well
    4. Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) - Sherlock
       03 Jan 2017, 7:08am

Sherlock: Cumberbatch's return in The Six Thatchers was worth all the hype -
review
       4
    5. Tom Hardy is Taboo, the BBC's new drama
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Tom Hardy wins dream acting role - after convincing his dad to write it for
him
    6. Colin Dexter has entertained fans for years with his cameos
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Morse creator Colin Dexter bows out of famous TV cameos, as John Thaw's widow
Sheila Hancock joins the cast
    7. Sir Tom Jones has rejoined The Voice on ITV
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Sir Tom Jones: I was treated better on a building site than at BBC
    8. Judges Amber Riley, Gary Barlow, Dannii Minogue and Martin Kemp
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

No more cruel TV talent shows, vow Let It Shine judges, as BBC goes
head-to-head with The Voice
    9. Sir Bradley Wiggins has joined the line-up for Channel 4's The Jump
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

Sir Bradley Wiggins takes on retirement challenge: Channel 4's riskiest show
The Jump
   10. Kara Tointon as singer Betsey
       02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm

The Halcyon is no substitute for Downton Abbey: review
       2
   11. Britain’s Ancient Capital: Secrets of Orkney: Andy Torbet, Chris
       Packham, Neil Oliver and Dr Shini Somara
       02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm

Britain’s Ancient Capital: Secrets of Orkney – it is futile to resist the
enthusiasm of Neil Oliver's dashing team: review
       3
   12. Silent Witness stars Emilia Fox
       02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm

Silent Witness: Dr Alexander takes on Syrian refugee traffickers - review
       3
   13. Olivia Williams as Lady Hamilton in 'The Halcyon'
       02 Jan 2017, 6:23pm

Welcome to the new Downton Abbey: meet the stars of ITV's wartime drama The
Halcyon
       Premium
   14. All the best TV shows of 2016
       Gallery
       02 Jan 2017, 5:25pm

Gallery: All the best TV shows of 2016
   15. The cast of Will  Grace at the 2006 Golden Globes
       02 Jan 2017, 4:07pm

Will  Grace looks set to return for a new series
   16. Arnold Schwarzenegger makes his Apprentice debut tonight
       02 Jan 2017, 12:17pm

Celebrity Apprentice: Arnold Schwarzenegger takes over from Donald Trump to
'terminate' famous contestants
   17. The best TV of 2016: (clockwise from top left) Stranger Things,
       Planet Earth II, Happy Valley, Game of Thrones
       02 Jan 2017, 9:19am

The top 10 TV shows of 2016
   18. Couples in the new series of First Dates Hotel
       02 Jan 2017, 7:30am

Poolside romance in Provence - just don't ask about sex: Welcome to the First
Dates Hotel
       Premium
   19. Sir David Attenborough's Planet Earth II could inadvertently damage
       wildlife
       02 Jan 2017, 1:05am

Planet Earth II a 'disaster for the world's wildlife', BBC presenter Martin
Hughes-Games says
   20. Mrs Brown's Boys New Year Special
       01 Jan 2017, 10:30pm

Mrs Brown’s Boys New Year Special was full of jokes 20 years past their
sell-by date – review
       1
   21. The new BBC idents created by Martin Parr
       01 Jan 2017, 6:29pm

BBC One idents get makeover by renowned British photographer Martin Parr

   If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in
   Register Log in
      Contact us
      Rewards
      Archive
      Reader Prints
      Advertising
      Syndication
      Guidelines
      Privacy
      Terms and Conditions
      Leave your feedback

   © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
   Matt Ad Blocker Message

Your support makes a big difference

   In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative
   journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by
   advertising.

   Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker.
   Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference.

   Thank you.

   Need help?

   Click here for instructions
   (Submit) Close
<file=7>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

The Guardian

   [] Change editions from the International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   news opinion sport arts life Menu []
      news
           headlines
           world news
           UK news
           environment
           business
           tech
           science
           cities
           development
      opinion
           opinion home
           columnists
           the guardian view
           cartoons
      sport
           sport home
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           US sports
      arts
           culture home
           film
           tv  radio
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      life
           lifestyle home
           fashion
           food
           travel
           love  sex
           family
           home  garden
           health  fitness
           women
           tech

       Submit What term do you want to search?

      become a supporter
      subscribe
      Sign in
       my account
           Comment activity
           Edit profile
           Email preferences
           Change password
           Sign out

      apps
      dating
      jobs
      masterclasses
      today's paper
      the observer
      crosswords
      video

      Facebook
      Twitter

      science
      world news
      UK news
      environment
      business
      tech
      cities
      development

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › science

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Helen Czerski
   The Observer

Helen Czerski: ‘Physics isn’t all quantum weirdness. It’s about daily life’

   She’s a ‘bubble scientist’ on a mission to broaden understanding of the
   physics of the everyday world – take the foam on your cappuccino…

   Holding thermometer in hot tea. Helen Czerski Scientist

   [] Helen Czerski: ‘Physics is much more accessible than people think.’
   Photograph: Sonja Horsman for the Observer

   Helen Czerski
   The Observer

Helen Czerski: ‘Physics isn’t all quantum weirdness. It’s about daily life’

   She’s a ‘bubble scientist’ on a mission to broaden understanding of the
   physics of the everyday world – take the foam on your cappuccino…

   Interview by Dara Mohammadi

   Sunday 23 October 2016 07.00 BST Last modified on Friday 28 October
   2016 18.09 BST
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

   Helen Czerski has the coolest job in science – she’s a bubble
   scientist. Or, to give her her full title, she’s a physicist and
   oceanographer at University College London. When she’s not doing that,
   you’ve probably seen her on telly as a science presenter for the BBC.
   She has just finished her first book, Storm in a Teacup: The Physics of
   Everyday Life, and if that’s not enough she also plays badminton
   competitively. Sitting at her kitchen table, just returned from a
   morning coaching session and still wearing her racket club’s black and
   red polo shirt, she laughs as the Observer opens with the obvious
   question…

   Bubbles?
   Yeah, nobody quite knows what to make of it when I tell them, but
   they’re always interested. Bubbles are like the dolphins of the physics
   world, right? They make people happy. But scientifically they’re also
   fascinating. They’re in champagne, they’re used in medicine, they’re in
   the ocean – they’re the unsung heroes of the physical world. This
   business of having two phases together – a liquid and a gas interacting
   – is such a useful thing. It gives you something that neither a gas or
   a liquid can do on its own.

     As the sea ice retreats the Arctic Ocean is more exposed… I’d like
     to go and study the bubbles underneath breaking waves

   Like what?
   Take the foam on top of a cappuccino. It’s just milk and air. Put a
   spoon on top of a column of just coffee or just air and it’ll fall
   through, but whip them both up into a cappuccino and the spoon will
   rest on top. Understanding what’s going on when bubbles form has all
   sorts of applications, like understanding how oceans breathe or how
   light and sound travel through oceans.

   Why do people need to know about the physics of everyday life? Isn’t it
   just good enough to know that things work, like a smartphone?
   It’s about knowing the rules of the world so you don’t get exploited.
   Whether it’s a politician or a salesman, you need to know the rules
   they’re playing by. It doesn’t mean you have to be an expert on weather
   systems or on double glazing or cars or mattresses or phones, but if
   you know the basics it gives you the confidence to ask the right
   questions. Say someone is trying to sell you a swanky smartphone case
   to make your reception better, or a magnetic bracelet they say will
   cure your wrist pain, you can ask “well, how does it work?” and if you
   know the basics you can tell whether they know what they are talking
   about or whether they’re just making things up.

   A satellite image of the arctic shows comparative ice melt

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   A satellite image of the Arctic shows comparative ice melt: an
   opportunity for bubble research, says Czerski. Photograph: The National
   Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC)

   But a lot of people shun physics because it seems so complicated and
   irrelevant.
   I know. I don’t think we’ve done a good job in talking about physics.
   People get the impression that it’s all about quantum weirdness or
   stars and time and the universe, but it’s also about quite basic
   things. Physics is about patterns that are folded into our everyday
   lives. It’s much more accessible than people think and we should be
   telling them that. But nobody else is, so I am.

   Do you have an example from your book?
   OK. How about the way that tea sloshes around when you walk helping to
   explain why mobile phone signals don’t interfere with each other? Tea
   sloshes at different rates in different size mugs, faster in little
   mugs and slower in bigger ones. The reason you spill tea when you walk
   is that it just so happens that the walking speed of a normal human is
   almost exactly the same as the slopping speed in your average mug. The
   walking speed exactly reinforces the slopping speed, so you spill the
   tea if you walk normally – walk slowly or with a tiny mug or a gigantic
   mug and you won’t spill a drop. Mobile phone signals work on the same
   principle. They’ve each got a really precisely tuned resonance – or
   electron slopping rate – so that you can have two people sitting next
   to each other on two phones having two different conversations and they
   won’t interfere with each other.

     I see choosing to have an adventure as a rational decision, even
     though it might look irrational

   Is there a tension between being a scientist and being a television
   presenter?
   The biggest tension is time. It’s definitely more than one job, however
   you want to add it up. There are benefits: I learn a lot. I’ve
   definitely met people and learned things that I otherwise wouldn’t have
   if I stayed in my lab like a lot of scientists do. There are
   similarities between the two, too. The most important thing, whether
   it’s doing scientific research or presenting or writing, is
   understanding the situation clearly enough to be able to pick out
   exactly the right question. To organise all the ideas into a hierarchy
   and say: “This [jabs at an imaginary point with her finger], this is
   the important thing that it all hangs on.”

   It must be tough to make time for yourself?
   Not really. I manage to do some kind of sport – badminton or running or
   canoeing – almost every day. One of the things that I find mystifying
   is that people tend to think of scientists as somehow “other”, somehow
   alien. I’ve sometimes not been invited to normal, mundane things that
   I’d enjoy because people assume I’m off doing something higher. It’s
   true that I read a lot of books and play with ideas but the washing
   machine breaks for me, too!

   So what’s your biggest non-science, non-sport guilty pleasure?
   I guess I’m not allowed to say reading, am I?

   No.
   Erm… chocolate. Dark chocolate with hazelnuts.

   Of what are you most proud in your career?
   Overcoming being extremely shy. I was too shy to speak as a child and
   it’s something I only really began to overcome around the time of my
   PhD [in experimental explosives physics at the University of
   Cambridge]. Academically, I’m probably most proud of building
   instruments that go out into the open ocean and measure things that we
   have never been able to measure before. There’s something quite
   satisfying about drawing a ridiculous machine on a piece of paper and
   then a few years later having this monstrous thing sitting in front of
   you, pushing a button and it working.

   If money or logistics were not an issue, what would your dream
   experiment be?
   I’d like to go to the Arctic and study the bubbles underneath breaking
   waves there. As the sea ice retreats the Arctic Ocean is becoming more
   and more exposed, so we need to understand better how gases and
   particles are exchanged across it. Bubbles are the vehicles that allow
   this exchange. Finding out what keeps us and our planet alive – and
   what might not keep us alive – is becoming increasingly important.

Carlo Rovelli: ‘Science is where revolutions happen’

   Read more

   Science is all about evidence and acting rationally. What is the most
   evidence-free or irrational area of your life?
   I suppose I’d say I was a compulsive opportunity taker. I see choosing
   to have an adventure as a rational decision, even though it might look
   irrational to others.

   So if someone asked you to go on a one-way trip to Mars to study
   bubbles you would go?
   I feel like I’ve got a bit more living to do on Earth first. Anyway,
   nobody’s solved the radiation problem yet. If they figured out a way to
   send people there without giving them incurable cancer then I’d think
   about it. I reckon I’ve got at least another two or three decades
   before it becomes a possibility.

   Hang on, are you saying that the Mars One expedition is not going to
   set up a colony on Mars by 2027 like they say they will?
   You see! Knowing some basic physics can help you make important
   real-life decisions. [laughs]

   Storm in a Teacup: The Physics of Everyday Life by Helen Czerski is
   published by Bantam, £18.99.Click here to order a copy for £15.57
     

   More qas

Topics

      Helen Czerski
      Physics
      Science and nature
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture
           film
           tv  radio
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science selected
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Science
      › Helen Czerski

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=8>
   Bloomberg the Company  Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote
   LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request
      Bloomberg
       Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information,
       people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers
       business and financial information, news and insight around the
       world.
       Customer Support
       Americas
       1 212 318 2000
       Europe, Middle East,  Africa
       44 20 7330 7500
       Asia Pacific
       65 6212 1000
      Company
           Careers
           Diversity  Inclusion
           Sustainability
           Technology
           Facts  Spaces
           Philanthropy  Engagement
           Bloomberg London
    Communications
           Press Announcements
           Press Contacts
    Follow Us
           Facebook
           Twitter
           LinkedIn
           Instagram
           Vimeo
      Financial Products
           Bloomberg Terminal
           Bloomberg Tradebook
           Bloomberg Briefs
           Bloomberg Indices
           Bloomberg SEF
           Bloomberg Institute
    Bloomberg Customers
           Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
           Download Software
           Service Center
      Enterprise Products
           Enterprise Solutions
           Trading Solutions
           Bloomberg Vault
           Bloomberg PolarLake
    Industry Products
           Bloomberg Government
           Bloomberg Law/BNA
           Bloomberg Big Law
           Bloomberg New Energy Finance
      Media
           Bloomberg.com
           Bloomberg Politics
           Bloomberg View
           Bloomberg Gadfly
           Bloomberg Television
           Bloomberg Radio
           Bloomberg Mobile Apps
           News Bureaus
    Media Services
           Bloomberg Live Conferences
           Bloomberg Media Distribution
           Advertising

      Bloomberg
       Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information,
       people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers
       business and financial information, news and insight around the
       world.
       Customer Support
       Americas
       1 212 318 2000
       Europe, Middle East,  Africa
       44 20 7330 7500
       Asia Pacific
       65 6212 1000
       Communications
           Press Announcements
           Press Contacts
    Follow Us
           Facebook
           Twitter
           LinkedIn
           Instagram
           Vimeo
      Company
           Careers
           Diversity  Inclusion
           Philanthropy  Engagement
           Sustainability
           Technology
           Facts  Spaces
           Bloomberg London
    Media
           Bloomberg.com
           Bloomberg Politics
           Bloomberg View
           Bloomberg Gadfly
           Bloomberg Television
           Bloomberg Radio
           Bloomberg Mobile Apps
           News Bureaus
    Media Services
           Advertising
           Bloomberg Media Distribution
           Bloomberg Live Conferences
      Financial Products
           Bloomberg Terminal
           Bloomberg Tradebook
           Bloomberg Briefs
           Bloomberg Indices
           Bloomberg SEF
           Bloomberg Institute
    Enterprise Products
           Enterprise Solutions
           Trading Solutions
           Bloomberg Vault
           Bloomberg PolarLake
    Industry Products
           Bloomberg Government
           Bloomberg Law/BNA
           Bloomberg Big Law
           Bloomberg New Energy Finance
    Bloomberg Customers
           Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
           Download Software
           Service Center

   MENU

      Homepage
      Markets
           Stocks
           Currencies
           Commodities
           Rates  Bonds
           Economics
           Magazine
           Benchmark
           Watchlist
           Economic Calendar
          
      Tech
           U.S.
           Global
           Startups
           Cybersecurity
           Digital Media
           Bloomberg Technology TV
           Hello World
           Studio 1.0
          
      Pursuits
           Cars  Bikes
           Style  Grooming
           Spend
           Watches  Gadgets
           Food  Drinks
           Travel
           Real Estate
           Art  Design
          
      Politics
           With All Due Respect
           Poll Decoder
           Culture Caucus Podcast
           Masters In Politics Podcast
           Ad Tracker
           Battlegrounds 2016
          
      Opinion
           View
           Gadfly
          
      Businessweek
           Subscribe
           Cover Stories
           Opening Remarks
           Etc
           Features
           85th Anniversary Issue
           Behind The Cover
          
      More
           Science  Energy
           Graphics
           Game Plan
           Small Business
           Personal Finance
           Inspire GO
           The David Rubenstein Show
           Sponsored Content
          
      Bloomberg
           About The Company
      Sign In
     

   Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek
   

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Email
      Print
      Share

   Money Stuff

Weird Bonuses and Sales Reviews

   [120x120.jpg]
   Matt Levine is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an editor of
   Dealbreaker, an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, a mergers and
   acquisitions lawyer at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen  Katz and a clerk for
   the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
   Read More.
   @mattlevine
   Oct 26, 2016 9:06 AM EDT
   a | A
   By
   Matt Levine

   Deutsche Bank.

   Deutsche Bank AG might need to raise capital. One thing that makes it
   hard for banks to raise capital is that banks know what is in them and
   no one else does. There is a market for lemons problem. Banks are
   opaque and complicated, and if there is one thing the last few years
   have taught us, it is that there is always some new scandal lurking.
   The banks know what they own and what theyʼre up to, and what scandals
   are lurking, but the investors who might buy their equity donʼt, or at
   least, they donʼt trust that they know everything they need to. And
   banks tend to raise capital when their risks and scandals are most
   off-putting. "Here, have some of this bucket of writhing goop," the
   banks offer, and the investors turn up their noses.

   On the other hand, if you are already immersed in the goop, maybe
   youʼll think that itʼs not that bad? Thatʼs the main logic behind stuff
   like this:

     Deutsche Bank AG, Europe’s biggest investment bank, is exploring
     alternatives to paying bonuses in cash as Chief Executive Officer
     John Cryan seeks to boost capital buffers and shore up investor
     confidence, according to people familiar with the matter.

     Executives at the German lender have informally discussed options
     including giving some bankers shares in the non-core unit instead of
     cash bonuses, said the people, who asked not to be identified
     because the deliberations are private. Another idea under review is
     replacing the cash component with more Deutsche Bank stock, they
     said.

   This trade is essentially a price arbitrage. If you sell Deutsche Bank
   stock to outsiders who donʼt know or trust the bank, they wonʼt pay you
   that much for it. But if you give it to insiders instead of cash for
   their bonuses, those insiders know and trust the bank -- because they
   work there and have had a hand in making the goop -- or at least they
   have to act like they do anyway. So you can get more bang for your buck
   by paying employees in shares than you can by selling shares to the
   public and using the proceeds to pay employees in cash. And this is
   especially true of the goopiest of the goop: Shareholders might
   dramatically discount the price of non-core operations, and raising
   capital by selling non-core equity directly to investors is
   particularly unappealing, but the bankers who understand the weird
   non-core stuff might be thrilled to own it.

   There is a counter-argument that Deutsche Bank employees should value
   the goop less than the market does, because after all they are already
   swimming in it, and they canʼt diversify away their exposure to
   Deutsche Bank the way a regular investor could. These plans could "make
   retaining top staff more of a challenge," says Bloomberg Intelligence
   analyst Arjun Bowry. But this idea has worked great for Credit Suisse
   in the past, where bonuses paid in "toxic securities" that no one else
   wanted gave employees huge returns. Generally, the arbitrage should
   work if the bank is (1) embattled and (2) fundamentally sound, that is,
   if thereʼs a big enough disconnect between how the public values the
   bankʼs weird stuff and how the employees do. Making employees eat the
   bankʼs cooking is fine, if they find it delicious. If they think itʼs
   poison, and have to eat it, they should quit. But if they think that
   then they shouldnʼt really be selling shares to the public either.

   Meanwhile in retail banking.

   In some ways the Wells Fargo  Co. fake accounts scandal was too easy:
   Wells Fargo bankers opened millions of accounts for customers without
   telling the customers, and that is just straightforwardly bad, so Wells
   Fargo is in trouble. But in the aftermath of that trouble, it seems
   increasingly like the big problem at Wells Fargo was not so much the
   fake accounts -- which mostly didnʼt charge fees and which many
   customers didnʼt notice -- but the real accounts that Wells Fargo
   opened for customers who didnʼt understand what they were getting. The
   outrage at Wells quickly moved on from "opening fake accounts" to
   "aggressive sales tactics," with those tactics driven by strict sales
   goals that forced bankers to constantly push products on customers.
   But a whole lot of aggressive sales tactics are distasteful, and even
   harmful, but not illegal. Opening three checking accounts for
   an unsophisticated customer without telling him is illegal. Opening
   three checking accounts for an unsophisticated customer because you
   have convinced him that he needs "separate accounts for such purposes
   as traveling, grocery shopping and saving for an emergency" is pretty
   much just as bad, but legally much grayer.

   Anyway:

     To ensure Wells Fargo  Co.’s scandal over unauthorized customer
     accounts isn’t being repeated at other lenders, regulators are
     poised to start reviewing data and talking to employees inside the
     biggest U.S. banks, according to a person familiar with the matter.

     Wells Fargo’s largest competitors have received regulators’ formal
     requests for information and have been preparing for their practices
     to be scrutinized by examiners in the coming days, said the person,
     who requested anonymity because the process isn’t public.

   But what do you scrutinize? If the test is, do other banks let their
   employees create millions of fake accounts associated with e-mail
   addresses like "noname@wellsfargo.com" (or "noname@chase.com," etc.),
   then it seems like a pretty easy test. If the test is, do banks only
   sell products to customers that the customers understand and that the
   banks think are in the customersʼ best interests, then that would be a
   pretty radical regulatory change.

   Elsewhere in Wells Fargo news: Drinking hand sanitizer is really bad
   for you! And the scandal has been tough on random people named John
   Stumpf and Wells Fargo.

   Is banking fun?

   Ahahaha:

     “I know a client who went on a cruise and told the bank he was
     traveling,” says Andy Pringle at London recruitment firm Circle
     Square. “The problem for senior bankers is that it’s difficult to
     quantify what’s work and what’s not,” he adds. ” Often, your clients
     will be your friends, so if you go shooting with them or have a meal
     with them, is that work or is it pleasure?”

     HSBC seems to be asking just that question. Matthew Westerman, the
     former Goldman Sachs banker who took over as head of HSBC’s global
     banking division in May is reportedly compelling his bankers to use
     a system that tracks exactly how they use their time, exactly how
     many clients they visit, and exactly how many deals they bring in.
     Seemingly gone are the days when you could mooch into the office at
     11am before leaving for a ‘client lunch’ and reappearing at 4pm for
     two hours. HSBC bankers are said to be unhappy as a result.

   Meanwhile, Wells Fargo has eliminated strict numerical sales quotas for
   retail bankers because of, you know. The challenge for banks is that,
   if you want to build deep and meaningful relationships with clients,
   you have to give those relationships some room to breathe. Bankers
   canʼt be selling all the time; sometimes they have to just spend
   time with the clients, building human connections without the pressure
   of an immediate transactional quota. But if the bank is too tolerant,
   the bankers will just hang out with their buddies all the time on the
   bankʼs dime, and never bring in any revenue. One solution is to make
   banking an exciting and lucrative job with highly variable
   compensation, so that smart ambitious people will be bankers and use
   their aggressive best judgment about how to build relationships that
   will bring in lots of revenue. That approach maybe worked better in
   2006 than in 2016. Another solution is, you know, time tracking and
   quotas.

   Blockchain blockchain blockchain.

   Overstock.com, Inc., is doing a rights offering on the blockchain:

     “This is the culmination of over two years of true innovation and
     hard work,” said Overstock CEO Patrick M. Byrne. “Through this
     public issuance of blockchain-based securities the history of
     capital markets is entering a new era, the era of blockchain-based
     securities.”

   Overstock has been blockchain-obsessed for a while, and has a
   trading-technology subsidiary called t0 (a lower-case t and a zero,
   itʼs confusing) that is providing the platform for this. The blockchain
   interest may be related to Overstockʼs famous battle against naked
   short selling: If all of your shares are tracked on an immutable public
   distributed ledger, then you can always be sure that no one is naked
   short any "phantom shares," and you will sleep better at night, if
   naked shorting is the sort of thing that keeps you awake. (It has that
   effect on some people.) For now, the offering seems to be just for fun
   -- itʼs for up to a million voting preferred shares, at a
   to-be-determined price, and is intended "primarily to enable t0 to
   demonstrate the operation of the t0 platform, while providing
   Overstock’s stockholders of record the opportunity to participate" --
   but if it works, you can imagine Overstock one day removing itself
   entirely to the blockchain.

   Here is some correspondence between Overstock and the Securities and
   Exchange Commission, which includes a series of diagrams about how the
   blockchain issuance and trading will work. It is not what you might
   call a pure blockchain trading system, in which every participant helps
   to maintain a decentralized ledger of ownership and transactions, and
   in which trades are confirmed by consensus of everyone on the system.
   Instead, thereʼs a central party -- PRO Securities ATS, the alternative
   trading system where the shares will trade -- that will maintain its
   own proprietary central ledger of transactions. But after each
   transaction, it will take a snapshot of that ledger and do a teeny
   bitcoin transaction, using "the T0.com software to embed the snapshot
   anchor data within that transaction," to essentially save its own
   encrypted ledger to the bitcoin blockchain. (Overstockʼs transfer agent
   will then check that the ledger matches whatʼs on the blockchain.) So
   thereʼll be a public, verifiable, immutable record of each Overstock
   blockchain-stock trade. But the trades themselves will happen in PRO
   Securitiesʼ matching engine and registry, not quite "on the
   blockchain."

   Limits to merger arbitrage.

   If the proposed merger between ATT Inc. and Time Warner Inc. closes as
   planned, Time Warner shareholders will get cash and ATT stock worth
   $107.50. Yesterday Time Warner closed at $87.16. Thatʼs ... less. There
   is some reasonably straightforward arithmetic that you can do to
   translate that $20ish price gap into a market-implied probability that
   the deal will close:

     Wall Street is giving the deal just a 28 chance of closing at the
     stated terms as of Tuesday’s market close, according to Macro Risk
     Advisors.

   So if you think thereʼs a 35 percent chance of the deal closing at its
   stated terms, I guess you should buy Time Warner stock. But the people
   who are in that business are capacity constrained:

     The average U.S. deal size hit an all-time high of $476 million last
     year, and there were a record 33 deals over $10 billion, according
     to Dealogic.

     Over the same period, the total assets controlled by hedge funds
     dedicated to merger arbitrage have stayed roughly constant at around
     $23 billion, according to HFR, meaning their firepower hasn’t kept
     pace with the mergers- and-acquisitions boom.

   And "the average $1 billion-plus deal that has been agreed upon but not
   yet closed has been pending 144 days, the most since 2002," so more
   money is stuck in pending mergers.

   One fun puzzle here is: Does that 28 percent implied probability of the
   deal closing mean that "the market" thinks that there is a 28 percent
   probability of the deal closing? Or has the marketʼs mechanism for
   expressing that probability broken down a bit, as merger arbitrageurs
   just donʼt have enough money to express their views about the
   probability of giant mergers closing? If deal activity has grown much
   faster than merger arbitrage funds, and if those funds are locked into
   deals for longer, then the "arbitrage" part of merger arbitrage breaks
   down: If you think thereʼs a 35 percent chance of ATT/Time Warner
   closing, but you think some other deal is even more mispriced, you
   might focus your firepower there. On the other hand, if there was
   really too little money invested in merger arbitrage, and if arbitrage
   opportunities were going begging, the strategy would be performing
   better ("Merger-arbitrage-focused hedge funds are up 2 this year, half
   the gain for hedge funds overall"), and more money would be coming into
   it. Maybe the reason thereʼs so little arbitrage money is because the
   expected probabilities really are so low.

   Britney.

   A thing that bond salespeople sometimes do is go to a potential buyer
   and say "hey I have a seller of these bonds at 80," and go to a
   potential seller and say "hey I have a buyer of these bonds at 60," and
   convince the buyer to buy at 81 and the seller to sell at 59, and
   collect an embarrassingly gigantic spread. And one of my favorite
   puzzles in finance is: Is that illegal, or what? On the one hand,
   bluffing and misdirecting to try to maximize your profit is an ancient
   and beloved part of trading. On the other hand, directly lying about
   this stuff does seem to meet the technical definition of fraud.
   Prosecutors and regulators frown on this sort of thing these days --
   the leading case, whose result is still uncertain, is the prosecution
   of former Jefferies trader Jesse Litvak -- so itʼs probably not worth
   doing, if you are a bond trader.

   On the other hand, if you are in the business of negotiating product
   placements for Britney Spears videos, maybe give it a go? That is not
   legal advice:

     Britneyʼs lawyer fired off a threatening letter to Adam Kluger,
     claiming he went behind Britneyʼs back and negotiated with Bumble to
     fund her new music video.

     According to the letter, obtained by TMZ, Kluger allegedly told
     Bumble he had authority to rep Britney for an $800,000 deal that
     would put the Bumble name all over her new vid. The lawyer says
     Bumble agreed and gave Kluger $200k up-front. Kluger then made a
     deal with Britneyʼs label, RCA, to pay them $450,000 for the Bumble
     product placement promotion.

     Britneyʼs people say what Kluger did is fraudulent, because he never
     repped Britney. They also say his $350k fee -- more than 43 of the
     deal -- is ridiculous and way above what agents charge.

   I donʼt know, it sounds like he lined up a big trade that both sides
   were happy with, and kept the spread for himself? "He says his company
   is a creative agency that puts people and companies together, which is
   exactly what he did here." Heʼd have been a good bond trader, in an
   earlier, more innocent time.

   Insider trading cartoons.

   Here is a story about a former Securities and Exchange Commission
   lawyer who makes YouTube cartoons about insider trading law. "Someone
   legally prohibited from trading is shown with a padlock over the head,
   while volatile inside information is depicted by an exploding mushroom
   cloud," that sort of thing. They are pretty funny. Elsewhere, U.S.
   Attorney Preet Bharara rang the closing bell at the New York Stock
   Exchange yesterday. As far as I know he didnʼt arrest anyone on his way
   out.

   People are worried about unicorns.

   Itʼs okay, unicorns, you can come out of the Enchanted Forest now, the
   weather is great out here:

     Investors have shown intense interest in new shares that have come
     to market in the past month, especially technology issues. The
     average first-day pop for the eight U.S.-listed tech initial public
     offerings since mid-September is 50, according to Dealogic.

     That has helped lift the average first-day gain for new tech issues
     in 2016 to 32, higher than in any other year since 2000.

   Supply is a factor: "As of Tuesday, 20 tech companies had gone public
   in 2016, compared with 36 on average at that point in each of the past
   five years," so the unicorns are still pretty wary about
   wandering outside. But as one venture capitalist says, "It’s
   motivational for companies when they feel like there’s a prize out
   there." You stack enough unicorn treats along the borders of the
   Enchanted Forest, and eventually theyʼll come out.

   Oh and Kobe Bryant is a venture capitalist now:

     Mr. Bryant had a 44.7 field-goal percentage—the number of shots
     taken that went in—during his career. Asked if he’d be comfortable
     with a 5 success rate that is more common among VCs, Mr. Bryant
     didn’t hesitate.

     “I’m going to shoot higher than that,” Mr. Bryant said.

   Super.

   People are worried about bond market liquidity.

   The CFA Institute surveyed its members about what they think about bond
   market liquidity, and I guess it is fair to say that they are worried?
   At least in the Americas and Europe, the Middle East and Africa, where
   they reported decreases in liquidity, decreases in the number of
   dealers making markets, increases in the time to execute orders and
   more unfilled orders. The Asia-Pacific region reported that liquidity
   is fine, so thatʼs a bright spot.

   Things happen.

   Mozambique Approaches Creditors Over Debt Restructuring. Argentina’s
   debt bonanza buys time, raises risks. Uneasy Calm Grips Markets
   Suddenly Silent Before U.S. Vote. Goldman Hopes You Wonʼt Notice How
   Many People Itʼs Laying Off. Megamergers Face Delays From Heightened EU
   Scrutiny. As deals boom, Delaware judges are leaving shareholders’ bar
   in the cold. The SEC’s Beef With Shadow Banks Could Be Bad for Some
   Businesses. Academic financial researchers tend to like high-frequency
   trading. Shareholder Wealth Consequence of Insider Pledging of Company
   Stock as Collateral for Personal Loans. Investors Pull $2 Billion From
   Janus Funds as Revenue Drops on Lower Fees. Donald Trump’s campaign has
   spent more on hats than on polling. "I don’t like to analyze myself
   because I might not like what I see," says Donald Trump. Trump
   Takeover. Nightmare Machine. Terminator Conundrum. Digital whiteboard.
   Power poses. The Second-Best Baseball Team in Belarus. The Most
   Interesting Man in the World. The Smartest Dog in Hollywood. FBI: Man
   wearing cat "mugshot" shirt robs Oklahoma bank.

   If youʼd like to get Money Stuff in handy e-mail form, right in your
   inbox, please subscribe at this link. Thanks!

   This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial
   board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.

   To contact the author of this story:
   Matt Levine
   at mlevine51@bloomberg.net

   To contact the editor responsible for this story:
   James Greiff
   at jgreiff@bloomberg.net
      Facebook
      Twitter
      Email
      Print

   Comments
   [120x120.jpg]
   Matt Levine is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an editor of
   Dealbreaker, an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, a mergers and
   acquisitions lawyer at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen  Katz and a clerk for
   the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
   Read more
   @mattlevine

Most Popular

      [120x120.jpg]
       Leonid Bershidsky
    U.S. Intelligence Got the Wrong Cyber Bear
      [120x120.jpg]
       Albert R. Hunt
    Republicans Face a Dangerous First 100 Days
      [120x120.jpg]
       Megan McArdle
    Hacking Democratic Rules Isn’t Good Government
      [120x120.jpg]
       Noah Smith
    Japan Takes On Its Workaholics
      Editorial Board
    Automation Trepidation
      Satyajit Das
    My 2017 Prediction? Nothing Will Change.
      Editorial Board
    Sanctioning Russia Is Just a Start

View Contributors

      Mohamed A. El-Erian [120x120.jpg]
      Noah Smith [120x120.jpg]
      Leonid Bershidsky [120x120.jpg]
      Albert R. Hunt [120x120.jpg]
      Megan McArdle [120x120.jpg]

   ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved
   Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
<file=9>
   publisher International Business Times RSS Feeds

   International Business Times UK

   [ibtimes-logo-scroll.png]
     
      UK
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Crime
                      Property
                      Culture
                      Royalty

      World
          

                      Latest News
                      USA
                      Europe
                      Asia
                      Africa
                      Middle East
                      The Americas

      Business
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Economy
                      Companies
                      Markets
                      Finance
                      Regulation

      Politics
          

                      LATEST NEWS

      Fintech
          

                      Latest news
                      Blockchain
                      Cryptocurrency

      Technology
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Smartphones
                      Cybersecurity
                      Innovation
                      Social Media
                      Games
                      Motoring

      Science
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Space
                      Environment
                      Health
                      Nature
                      Archaeology

      Sport
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Football
                      Tennis
                      Golf
                      Cricket
                      F1
                      UFC

      Entertainment
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Movies
                      Celebrity
                      TV
                      Music
                      WWE

      Opinion
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Interview
                      Analysis
                      Reviews

      Video
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Business
                      Technology
                      Science
                      Sport
                      Entertainment

      Pictures
          

                      LATEST NEWS
                      Conflict
                      Travel
                      Arts
                      Science
                      Animal  Wildlife
                      Photography Competition

     
      Log out
      Newsletter Signup

   Search
    Search

   UK

Full moons, alpacas and nightly fireworks: The weird world of turkey farming

It doesn't take much to spook a gang of turkeys.

      James Tennent
       By James Tennent
       October 27, 2016 10:55 BST
     

   Turkeys roaming the farm

   Turkeys roam outside their sheds on Copas farmCopas

   In Cookham Dean, Berkshire, Copas Turkeys have been rearing Christmas
   dinners since 1957. If you're passing by in the weeks up to November,
   alongside thousands of turkeys and a few alpacas, you might get to see
   a fireworks display. Farm Manager, Steve Hellings, is setting them off
   every day.

   As it gets closer to fireworks night, the daily show will get bigger
   and louder, it will also get later. For turkey farmers like Hellings,
   one of the biggest problems is making sure the frightful birds don't
   get spooked. "We keep going into the night time," Hellings tells
   IBTimes UK, "so that by the time fireworks night arrives, they just
   basically are enjoying the show."

   "We're at the stage where we're still letting them off around dusk so
   this week and next week we'll be ramping it up and they'll be fully
   acclimatised to all the noise and bangs."

   Hellings says that turkeys are essentially herd animals, so if one gets
   spooked and runs, they all follow. "They'll run to the corners in their
   sheds and they'll suffocate each other," he says, and those that don't
   die will be left with scars and scratches.

   So you don't want to spook the turkeys, but here's the thing: A lot of
   stuff spooks turkeys. Take, for example, full moons. Hellings has to
   plan for full moons, "when you've got a full moon, it casts shadows so
   that can upset the birds," he says.

   When driving around at night, the team will sometimes flash lights at
   the birds – not for countryside high-jinks, but because there are
   footpaths through the farm and walkers with torches could scare the
   birds and lead to a frenzy. "We just try and acclimatise them to every
   eventuality that can arise," says Hellings.
   In a related video: President Obama pardons Thanksgiving Turkey at
   White House ceremony IBTimes UK

   Sometimes he'll let off his shotgun: "I can shoot the shotgun in the
   yard and judge the turkey's reaction and calm them down if need be."

   And how do you calm down a turkey? "We talk to them. Because I'm in the
   sheds three or four times a day and with the turkeys and they know me,
   they know my voice, and you just talk to them, just like you would to a
   dog that's scared of the fireworks, just reassure them."

   Along with preparing for fireworks night, the farm is starting to get
   ready for the Christmas period, where their staff with go from 20 to
   around 200. With all the extra activity that's coming, the turkeys are
   getting a dose of Kiss radio each morning so they get used to the
   background noise: "if you've got people shouting and screaming and
   stuff that can upset the turkeys so we'll play the radio just to get
   them used to the noise really."

   And while all of this is happening, there are alpacas keeping watch. If
   alpacas seem like an odd choice for guard animal, they're not. "They
   get very territorial, so if you put them in a field they will protect
   that territory," says Hellings, "we have two in each field and they
   will sit back to back and they've got really good eyesight."
   Alpacas on a turkey farm Territorial alpacas keep watch over their
   fieldCopas

   He's even seen them chase out a fox: "They were chest out, head up,
   trotting over to it, and it ran out."

   The turkey's have their next test that afternoon. "In about 10 minutes
   we've got a group of schoolchildren coming down," says Hellings, "high
   pitched screams can upset the turkeys so we're about to test the
   theory."

   But with all the preparation, the attempts to make the turkeys fine
   with shocks, you can't really prepare for how they're going to fare.
   Whatever you do, turkey farming is taking each day (and each new turkey
   fear) as it comes: "Something that upset the turkeys one day, they
   won't take any notice of the next day, so it's quite a strange way to
   react."

   More from IBTimes UK
      Wedding bells for Michael Phelps: Olympics star secretly married
       fiancee Nicole Johnson in June
      John McDonnell: Theresa May will ignore small businesses with
       Bankers' Brexit plan
      Seven arrested following violence between West Ham and Chelsea fans
       during EFL match

   Share
     
     
     
     
     
      More
          
          
          

   Stay up to date with our daily newsletter

   YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola

   IBT Video
   Mosul civlians flee city Close
   Civilians flee Mosul as Iraqi army advances
   Columnists
   Laura Davis
   Laura Davis

   “What are the biggest challenges for women in 2017?
   READ MORE
      Sunwing airlines plane
       Drunk pilot passed out before take-off on Canadian flight
       The Slovakian airman was escorted off the plane by police and is
       due...
      Owen Smith talks about the NHS London's ambulance control room hit
       by technical problems during New Year's Eve
       London Ambulance Service warned it will continue to be busy
       during...

     Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
   Isis chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi still alive but isolated, Pentagon says
   Pentagon spokesperson Peter Cook said they are doing all they can to...

     travel packed train
   Stock traders attempt mass suicide on Beijing underground train by
   drinking pesticide
   Eyewitnesses say a strong odour was coming from the group as they
   got...

     Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago
   Donald Trump says he will reveal 'things that other people don't know'
   about US election hacking
   Trump urges people to avoid using computers when dealing with...

     Mariah Carey New Years Eve 2017 performance
   'You got me feeling emotions!' Mariah Carey in New Year's Eve show fail
   During her performance Mariah Carey said: 'I wanted a holiday too,...

     Aeronaut pub fire acton
   Acton fire: Emergency services rescue party goers from roof after New
   Year blaze
   Hundreds evacuated from the iconic music venue just after midnight
   on...

     Sky Cabin Ride

   20 people stranded 148ft in the air for 8 hours after US amusement park
   ride gets stuck

   The passengers on the Sky Cabin ride at Knott's Berry Farm were...

     ivory china

   China announces ban on ivory trade by the end of 2017

   The high demand for ivory in the country has led to an increase in...

     Teen house party

   Brits dressed as Jimmy Savile, Rolf Harris and Oscar Pistorius appals
   holidayers

   The group in Benidorm, Spain, told one onlooker they called...

   Fintech Focus weekly
   Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech
   news.
   Straight to your inbox every Friday.
   Sign up now

   Win an iPhone 7

      About IBT
      Leadership
      Meet the team
      Advertise
      Brand
      Terms of service
      Privacy
      Permission
      Syndication
      Contact

      Editions:
      Australia
      China
      India
      Italy
      Japan
      U.K.
      U.S.

      © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
      Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-N6T7SD

   Clicky
<file=10>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. News
    2. People

Anna Kendrick was so broke she couldn't buy shoes when she was nominated for an
                                     Oscar

   Being an Oscar nominated actress will make you successful, but it might
   not make you rich

      Heather Saul
      @heatheranne9
      Thursday 27 October 2016 16:43 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentOnline2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Online

   Anna-Kendrick-resting-bitch-face.jpg Anna Kendrick has publicly
   bemoaned the effect of RBF on her life

   The critical success that precedes an Oscar nomination is not always
   accompanied by financial security.

   Anna Kendrick said that after being nominated for an Oscar for her role
   in Up in the Air in 2009, she was still stone broke.

   “My stylist told me I had to wear the perfect shoes for an outfit, and
   because the movie isn't out yet, nobody really knows who you are,"
   Kendrick, 31, told Ellen DeGeneres. "'The shoe places don't want to
   loan you the shoes so can you buy a pair of Louboutins?'

   “I was like, ‘I’m still poor’. So it was this weird combination of like
   all these great things are happening but at the same time nothing has
   changed so, it was a weird dichotomy.”

People news in pictures

     
     
     
     
      9 show all

People news in pictures

     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     

      1/9
       US President-elect Donald Trump and musician Kanye West pose for
       media at Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City
       Reuters
      2/9
       Anna Wintour apologises for criticising Donald Trump on a train.
       Fashionista was reportedly heard saying the President-elect would
       use the Presidency 'to sell himself and his brand'
       Getty
      3/9
       Ivanka Trump and her husband might be joining the next
       administration. The couple is plotting a move to the nation's
       capital
       Getty
      4/9
       Samuel L Jackson calls Muslims 'the new black kids in America'
       'People perceive them as a threat before even saying hello,' actor
       says of Muslims in the US
       Getty
      5/9
       Former JLS star Oritse Williams denies rape allegation The singer
       has not been charged
       Getty
      6/9
       Bill Gates announces $1bn investment fund for clean energy
       technology Team-up with Richard Branson, Jeff Bezos and others aims
       to fight climate change - and reap 'super' rewards
       Getty
      7/9
       Donald Trump's aide worked for anti-immigation extremists Poll was
       used by President-elect during campaign to justify banning Muslims
       from the US
       Reuters
      8/9
       Henry Kissinger tells Nobel Peace Prize forum to give Donald Trump
       a chance More than 7,000 people called for the 'mastermind of war'
       to be arrested while visiting Norway
       EPA
      9/9
       John Travolta dismisses new Scientology documentary by former
       member Leah Remini The actor defends the church and says it was a
       source of support for him when he lost his girlfriend, mother and
       son
       Getty

   This was nowhere more evident than when she was being placed in
   expensive hotels during promotional tours for the film.

   “At one point I was like, if we do another trip to New York can you put
   me up in a less nice hotel room and then I could keep some of the
   cash?.”

   The answer was a disappointing and categorical 'no'.

   Winning an Oscar isn’t guaranteed to grant instant happiness either, as
   Anne Hathaway recently recalled. Instead, her win prompted a backlash.

   “I kind of lost my mind doing that movie and it hadn’t come back yet,"
   she said. "Then I had to stand up in front of people and feel something
   I don’t feel which is uncomplicated happiness. It’s an obvious thing,
   you win an Oscar and you’re supposed to be happy. I didn’t feel that
   way. I felt wrong that I was standing there in a gown that cost more
   than some people are going to see in their lifetime and winning an
   award for portraying pain that still felt very much a part of our
   collective experience as human beings.”
      More about:
      Anna Kendrick
      Anne Hathaway

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=11>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Lifestyle
    2. Food and Drink

             Magic cake: How to make the simple three-layer dessert

    Magic Cake is taking the internet by storm - yet again

      Dave Maclean
      Wednesday 26 October 2016 12:20 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2Findylifestyleonline2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesiz
   e=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   Indy Lifestyle Online

   capture.jpg The cooking process gives the cake three different layers
   YouTube/Cook Kafemaru

   A three-layer dessert known as the Magic Cake is taking the internet by
   storm.

   It is appealing due to its incredible simplicity – it needs one bowl
   and no odd ingredients or weird techniques.


   Wochenende 👏 Und wie lässt sich das am besten einläuten? 😉 Mit dem
   restlichen Zauberkuchen von gestern natürlich 😍 demnächstaufdemblog
   magiccake kuchen zauberkuchen pfirsichmelbazauberkuchen

   A photo posted by Yvonne 👻: yvonneeamk (@experimenteausmeinerkueche)
   on Jul 1, 2016 at 6:10am PDT

   To make it, you use the basic ingredients used for a normal cake; eggs,
   water, flour, sugar, milk, and butter.

   But by baking the loose batter at a lower temperature, two layers are
   created: a thick, fudge-like base layer, and a custard centre.


   ガトーマジック ショコラ ・ レシピより5分長めに焼いてみました。 ・ マジックケーキ 魔法のケーキ magiccake

   A photo posted by Tamao Yamashita (@carlosvivian) on Feb 5, 2016 at
   4:26pm PST

   Whipped egg whites are added to the batter last which create a textured
   topping.

   Variations of the cake have been circulating on the internet for years
   now, but from time to time the dessert gets a random resurgence.


   Magic cake first try 😍 bake magiccake

   A photo posted by @runoutofwords on Oct 23, 2016 at 12:45pm PDT

   After various peaks over the past five years, the number of Google
   searches for magic cake soared dramatically last month – presumably as
   the autumn weather arrived and people wanted warming comfort food.

   It could be down to its visual appeal, because while it looks
   high-effort, it involves very little elbow grease.


   So weekend attempt, the famous "magic cake" , one batter, 3 layers ,
   interesting to see it becomes like that after baking. How the
   separation when it bakes. Taste wise,eggy texture but still creamy and
   definitely something to try again with other flavours. Perhaps coffee?
   Hahaha weekendbakes melbourne homebaking magiccake 3layers1batter

   A photo posted by Joyce Cheng (@cpcjoyce) on Oct 22, 2016 at 10:49pm
   PDT

   Baking bloggers have put their own twist onto the simple recipe,
   tweaking their own with chocolate, pumpkin spice, peanut butter, lemon,
   and gingerbread.

   Others have experimented with butterscotch, eggnog, matcha powder and
   rhubarb for some interesting concoctions.


   E niente.. finalmente ce l abbiamo fatta! tortamagica magiccake cake
   magic sweet fra poco sul blog food foodlove forbreakfast

   A photo posted by Veris 🌸 Bon Appetì ! (@veronica.frontini) on Oct 21,
   2016 at 2:49am PDT

   A basic recipe sees four eggs separated, and the whites whisked until
   stiff.

   In a separate bowl, the egg yolks are beaten with sugar, water and
   vanilla until light.

   Melted butter is then added , plus flour, milk and the beaten egg
   whites.
   Optical illusion cake

   Cooking temperatures and times vary, but a finished magic cake
   typically takes around one hour.

   Before eating, it needs to cool in the pan for at least three hours.
      More about:
      Cake
      Baking
      Food trends

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=12>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. News
    2. UK
    3. Home News

     Code word campaign helps people escape bad dates by alerting bar staff
                                   discreetly

   The scheme has been praised for highlighting problems people can face
   with upsetting or unsafe dates

      Siobhan Fenton Social Affairs Correspondent
      @siobhanfenton
      Thursday 20 October 2016 09:26 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentOnline2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Online

   Dating.jpg The poster has been put up in bars around Lincoln to help
   anyone feels unsafe on a bad date and who seeks help from staff in a
   discreet way iStock/Getty

   A campaign against sexual violence has come up with a genius way of
   helping people escape bad dates where they feel unsafe.

   Posters put up in bars and other social areas by Lincolnshire Rape
   Crisis instruct anyone on a date which makes them feel upset or unsafe
   they can go to the bar and ask to “speak to Angela”. The phrase is a
   code word to alert staff to the situation and help them diffuse it and
   ensure the person is safe.

   The posters advise: “Are you on a date that isn’t working out? Is your
   Tinder or POF [Plenty of Fish] date not who they said they were on
   their profile? Do you feel like you’re not in a safe situation? Does it
   all feel a bit weird?

   “If you go to the bar and ask for ‘Angela’ the bar staff will know you
   need help getting out of your situation and will call you a taxi or
   help you out discreetly- without too much fuss.”

     i saw this in a toilet and thought it was important and should be a
     thing everywhere not just lincolnshire !!!!
     pic.twitter.com/oO45I7gaJL
     —  (@iizzzzzi) October 18, 2016

   Hayley Child, Substance Misuse and Sexual Violence  Abuse Strategy
   Coordinator for Lincolnshire County Council, told The Independent: “The
   'Ask for Angela' posters are part of our wider NoMore campaign which
   aims to promote a culture change in relation to sexual violence and
   abuse, promote services in Lincolnshire and empower victims to make a
   decision on whether to report incidents.

   "Sexual abuse and violence is an national issue and all councils have a
   responsibility to tackle abuse. This was Lincolnshire Community Safety
   Partnership's first awareness raising campaign on this issue.

   “We have had a really positive response to the campaign, including
   thanks from victims of abuse for the work that's being done. The
   campaign has been supported by many professional partners in the county
   and we will be relaunching NoMore in February to tie in with the
   National Sexual Violence and Abuse awareness week.”

'We just clicked': How Britain fell in love with online dating

     
     
     
     
      6 show all

'We just clicked': How Britain fell in love with online dating

     
     
     
     
     
     

      1/6
       RICHARD GRANGE/IMAGES INTERNATIONAL
      2/6
       ANDREW HASSON
      3/6
      4/6
       NICK DESPRES
      5/6
       SAM HOLDEN
      6/6
       VICTOR DE JESUS/UNP

   A woman spotted the poster in the gender neutral toilets of a bar in
   Lincoln and posted an image of it online.

   She wrote: "I saw this in a toilet and thought it was important and
   should be a thing everywhere not just lincolnshire".

   The poster has since gone viral, amassing over 20,000 RTs on Twitter.
   The campaign has been inundated with praise as well as calls for it to
   be rolled out on a wider basis.

   One user tweeted: “I think it’s a great idea and could save lives.”
   Another wrote: “What a great idea! Hope it catches in other places”.
      More about:
      Lincoln
      Violence
      crime
      Dating
      relationships

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=13>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Travel
    2. News  Advice

 A North Korea-themed bar in Catalonia and the pub at the end of the world: The
                weirdest places to order a beer on your travels

   Thought a North Korea-themed café in Tarragona was weird? Have we got
   news for you...

      Travel desk
      Monday 10 October 2016 17:00 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentTravel2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Travel

   gettyimages-586876892.jpg Owner Alejandro Cao de Benos at his Pyongyang
   Café in Tarragona Getty

   Just when you thought it strange enough that Tarragona, a pretty port
   city in Catalonia, recently opened its first North Korea-themed café,
   you then realise its owner is a Kim Jong-un supporter and president of
   the Korean Friendship Association.

   When we first heard about Pyongyang Café, which opened this summer, we
   assumed it was a joke theme – a huge North Korean flag hanging behind
   the bar, propaganda posters from Pyongyang plastering the walls, and
   Asian beers in the fridge.

   But then we realised the owner, Alejandro Cao de Benos, is an avid fan
   of North Korea, who claims the country is a victim of a smear campaign
   by the West.

   Not only that, but he apparently hopes to turn Pyongyang Café into a
   “cultural centre” celebrating all things North Korean, with film
   screenings, in-depth talks and traditional dishes all on the menu.
   [gettyimages-599648126.jpg]
   Read more

The countries that are worse to visit than North Korea

   Suddenly a trip to Pyongyang Café sounds less fun.

   There are, however, still plenty of other bonkers themed bars around
   the world where you can snap your selfie, enjoy a few stiff drinks and
   yet not be lectured in the wisdom of Kim Jong-un. Here are a few to add
   to your list.

   Tokyo: Golden Gai

   If you’re interested in exploring Tokyo’s nightlife scene, be assured
   that Shinjuku’s Golden Gai area is an absolute highlight. It’s a mini
   maze of six narrow alleys stuffed with teeny bars all piled one on top
   of the other (almost 300 of them), each with their own theme and space
   for just a handful of guests. While many bars have a strict locals-only
   policy, some are foreigner-friendly – you just have to be brave and
   ask. And it’s worth the steady stream of rejection until someone takes
   pity, as each bar is a truly unique character – like Tachibana
   shinryoushitsu, a surgery-themed spot with worrying-sounding cocktails
   such as the “enema” served in surgical beakers, a collection of
   decorative anatomical models and a barwoman dressed as a nurse.
   the-goldengai.com
   11919540984-62c2e7e8e9-k.jpg
   Tokyo's Golden Gai district (Stephen Kelly/Flickr/CC BY 2.0)

   Limpopo Province: Baobab Tree Bar

   An oldie but a goodie, the Baobab Tree Bar –situated inside a
   6,000-year-old baobab tree in South Africa – first opened in the late
   Eighties. It might be inside a tree, but that doesn’t stop it from
   being kitted out with all the bar essentials, including a dart board
   and a flat screen TV. The tree is large enough to comfortably seat 15
   customers inside its hollow trunk, and is set on a scenic mango farm
   where visitors can also hire quad bikes or go hiking. bigbaobab.co.za
   11800309-1017566321596226-5386212251107726791-n.jpg
   A bar inside a hollow tree trunk in South Africa (bigbaobab.co.za)

   Berlin: Madame Claude

   The fact Madame Claude bar is a former brothel in Berlin’s too-cool
   district of Kreuzberg isn’t the most interesting thing about it – not
   by far. No, no, the oddest thing about Madame Claude is that it’s an
   “upside down bar”, which means everything you’d expect to be on the
   floor is actually glued to the ceiling. With tables, chairs and rugs
   hanging above you, it’s all a bit confusing – but we have it on good
   authority that this is not necessarily the strangest thing you'll see
   on a night out in Berlin. madameclaude.de
   madame-claude.jpg
   Prepared to be confused in Berlin's Madame Claude bar (madameclaude.de)
   [shutterstock385281880lownwm.jpg]
   Read more

48 Hours In New York

   Manhattan: Genuine Liquorette

   As with any cocktail bar in NYC deemed worthy of the prefix “cool”,
   Genuine Liquorette is hidden within a fast food joint – this time it’s
   Genuine Superette, essentially a burgers and fried chicken spot,
   nattily positioned as “a take on the classic California roadside
   stand”. But more interesting is the basement bar dressed up like a
   neon-lit California liquor store, where cocktails are mixed with the
   help of a “Cha-Chunker” – a hole-punching contraption that upends a
   mini bottle of liquor into a canned soft drink. Sounds daft, but it
   looks great. eatgenuine.com
   genuine.jpg
   The California liquor store interior of Genuine Liquorette (Genuine
   Roadside/Facebook)
   12074934-541074789391241-7233772830754432989-n.jpg
   Cocktails at Genuine Liquorette, made using the "Cha-Chunker" (Genuine
   Roadside/Facebook)

   Antarctica: Faraday Bar

   Vernadsky Research Base, which sits lonesome on the Antarctic
   Peninsula, has one warming comfort to offer its scientists – a British
   boozer. The pub was constructed from timber meant for a pier when the
   Brits occupied what was then called Faraday station – good to know they
   had their priorities in order. The base was bought by Ukraine for a
   symbolic £1 in 1996, but they kept the pub, with its pool table, dart
   board and bras hanging behind the bar. Order the homemade vodka and
   understand why the Ukrainians here remain cheerful despite their
   isolation. You’ll need to join an expedition to Antarctica to drink
   here. quarkexpeditions.com
   12436391194-98e61b250d-k.jpg
   The Faraday Bar - a British boozer in Antarctica (Andreas
   Kambanis/Flickr/CC BY 2.0)
      More about:
      Bars And Pubs
      Nightlife
      North Korea
      New York

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=14>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. News
    2. Science

Paralysed man feels through robotic fingers in world-first breakthrough

   'The ultimate goal is to create a system which moves and feels just
   like a natural arm would,' scientist says
      Ian Johnston Science Correspondent
      Thursday 13 October 2016 16:00 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentOnline2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Online

Popular videos

      [istanbul-funeral-crying.jpg]

This is the reason we don't dwell on Turkish deaths in the West
      [new-pound-ps1-coin-royal-mint-pa.jpg]

Royal Mint touts new 12-sided £1 coin as 'most secure in the world'
      [istanbul-reina-nightclub-attack-gunman-assault-rifle-0.jpg]

Istanbul nightclub: CCTV shows gunman's hail of bullets outside Reina
      [mariah.jpg]

Mariah Carey calls sabotage after humiliating NYE performance

   A 28-year-old man left paralysed after a car accident has been able to
   feel as though he was touching something with his fingers after a
   robotic arm was connected directly to his brain in a world-first
   breakthrough.

   Nathan Copeland, who was injured after crashing his car on a rainy
   night in Pennsylvania when he was just 18, spoke of experiencing a
   “really weird sensation” as he touches things.

   He said it felt like “my fingers” were being touched or pushed.

   Mr Copeland is able to feel using the robotic arm because it is
   connected to microelectrodes about half the size of a shirt button that
   were surgically implanted in his brain.

Read more

      Paralysed patient walks again in astonishing medical breakthrough
      Partially paralysed man missing half his head 'declared fit for
       work by DWP'
      Paralysed man now able to play Guitar Hero thanks to computer chip
       in his brain
      Chinese pensioner cares for paralysed wife for 56 years after
       promising to 'look after her forever'

   Before the operation, imaging techniques were used to identify the
   exact places that corresponded to feelings in his fingers and palm.

   The discovery that people can regain some sensations using a so-called
   'computer-brain interface' could revolutionise the treatment of
   paralysis.

   Earlier this year the Walk Again Project in Brazil discovered people
   left paralysed by severe spinal cord injuries could recover the ability
   to move their legs after training in an exoskeleton linked to their
   brain.

   That project was designed to enable people to walk by controlling the
   exoskeleton with their minds, but one of the subjects was able to walk
   again using crutches.
   [rtx1sxon.jpg]
   Read more

Government is completely unprepared for the coming robot takeover

   Professor Robert Gaunt, of Pittsburgh University, who led the team that
   treated Mr Copeland, said they were trying to make use of the brain’s
   natural abilities.

   “The ultimate goal is to create a system which moves and feels just
   like a natural arm would,” he said.

   “We have a long way to go to get there, but this is a great start.”

   His colleague, Professor Andrew Schwatz, said the most important
   finding was that the system could create a “natural sensation"

   But he added: “There is still a lot of research that needs to be
   carried out to better understand the stimulation patterns needed to
   help patients make better movements.”

   When his accident happened, Mr Copeland was in his first year of
   college studying for a degree in nanofabrication.

   He tried to continue his studies, but his health problems forced him to
   put them on hold.

   One of the first things he did after he was injured was to enrol on the
   Pitt School of Medicine’s registry of patients willing to participate
   in clinical trials.

Science news in pictures

     
     
     
     
      20 show all

Science news in pictures

     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     

      1/20 'Tiny vampires' existed millions of years ago
       Scientists have discovered that microscopic 'vampire' amoebae
       existed hundreds of millions of years ago, and they may have been
       some of the first predators on Earth. By examining ancient fossils
       with an electron microscope, paleobiologist Susannah Porter from UC
       Santa Barbara discovered tiny holes which may have been drilled by
       vampiric microbes. The tiny creatures are believed to be the
       ancestors of modern Vampyrellidae amoebae, and punctured holes in
       their prey before sucking out the contents of their cells
       Susannah Porter
      2/20 Kepler 62f
       An Earth-like planet orbiting a star 1,200 light years away could
       have conditions suitable for life, say scientists. Kepler 62f is
       about 40 per cent larger than the Earth and may possess surface
       oceans. It is the outermost of five planets circling a star that is
       smaller and cooler than the sun discovered by the American space
       agency Nasa's Kepler space telescope in 2013
       PA
      3/20 Vegetables grow well in soil from Mars
       Scientists have taken a leaf out of the script of The Martian by
       showing how easy it would be to grow your own veg on the Red
       Planet. In the hit Ridley Scott film, a stranded astronaut played
       by Matt Damon uses his botanical skills to cultivate potatoes. Now
       his success has been emulated by researchers in the Netherlands who
       harvested tomatoes, peas, rye, rocket, radish and cress raised on
       simulated Martian soil supplied by Nasa
      4/20 Ancient Roman 'leisure complex' unearthed in Jerusalem
       An ancient Roman estate complete with its own wine press and
       bathhouse has been unearthed in Jerusalem. A series of buildings
       dating back at least 1,600 years were discovered underneath the
       city's famous Schneller Orphanage which operated on the site from
       1860 until the end of the Second World War, when it was turned into
       an army base. The ruins were discovered by archaeologists from the
       Israel Antiquities Authority who were excavating the site ahead of
       building new flats for the city's Orthodox Jewish community
      5/20 Scientists discover possible new species of deep-sea octopus
       nicknamed 'Casper'
       Scientists believe they may have found a new species of octopus
       likened in appearance to Casper, the friendly cartoon ghost.
       Researchers with the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric
       Administration made the discovery by chance as they searched the
       seabed on an unrelated mission collecting geological samples. Teams
       were operating an unmanned submarine on the Pacific Ocean floor at
       depths of more than four kilometres (two-and-a-half miles) in the
       Hawaiian Islands when they spotted the unusual creature
      6/20 Black hole captured eating a star then vomiting it back out
       Astronomers have captured a black hole eating a star and then
       sicking a bit of it back up for the first time ever. The scientists
       tracked a star about as big as our sun as it was pulled from its
       normal path and into that of a supermassive black hole before being
       eaten up. They then saw a high-speed flare get thrust out, escaping
       from the rim of the black hole. Scientists have seen black holes
       killing and swallowing stars. And the jets have been seen
       before.But a new study shows the first time that they have captured
       the hot flare that comes out just afterwards. And the flare and
       then swallowed star have not been linked together before
      7/20 'Male and female brains' aren't real
       Brains cannot be categorised into female and male, according to the
       first study to look at sex differences in the whole brain. Specific
       parts of the brain do show sex differences, but individual brains
       rarely have all “male” traits or all “female” traits. Some
       characteristics are more common in women, while some are more
       common in men, and some are common in both men and women, according
       to the study
      8/20 Dog-sized horned dinosaur fossil found shows east-west
       evolutionary divide in North America
       A British scientist has uncovered the fossil of a dog-sized horned
       dinosaur that roamed eastern North America up to 100 million years
       ago. The fragment of jaw bone provides evidence of an east-west
       divide in the evolution of dinosaurs on the North American
       continent. During the Late Cretaceous period, 66 to 100 million
       years ago, the land mass was split into two continents by a shallow
       sea. This sea, the Western Interior Seaway, ran from the Gulf of
       Mexico to the Arctic Ocean. Dinosaurs living in the western
       continent, called Laramidia, were similar to those found in Asia
      9/20 Asteroid to skim past Earth on Halloween 2015
       A huge asteroid is set to skim by Earth on Halloween, just three
       weeks after it was first spotted. The rock is travelling through
       space at 78,000 miles per hour, and will fly past the Earth at a
       distance of only 300,000 miles – only slightly further away than
       our moon, and easily close enough for Nasa to class it a
       potentially hazardous object. The asteroid is bigger than a
       skyscraper
      10/20 Life on Earth appeared hundreds of millions of years earlier
       than previously thought
       Life may have come to earth 4.1 billion years ago, hundreds of
       millions of years earlier than we knew. The discovery, made using
       graphite that was trapped in ancient crystals, could mean that life
       began "almost instantaneously" after the Earth was formed. The
       researchers behind it have described the discovery as “a
       potentially transformational scientific advance”. Previously, life
       on Earth was understood to have begun when the inner solar system
       was hit by a massive bombardment from space, which also formed the
       moon's craters
      11/20 Earth could be at risk of meteor impacts
       Earth could be in danger as our galaxy throws out comets that could
       hurtle towards us and wipe us out, scientists have warned.
       Scientists have previously presumed that we are in a relatively
       safe period for meteor impacts, which are linked with the journey
       of our sun and its planets, including Earth, through the Milky Way.
       But some orbits might be more upset than we know, and there is
       evidence of recent activity, which could mean that we are passing
       through another meteor shower. Showers of meteors periodically pass
       through the area where the Earth is, as gravitational disturbances
       upset the Oort Cloud, which is a shell of icy objects on the edge
       of the solar system. They happen on a 26-million year cycle,
       scientists have said, which coincide with mass extinctions over the
       last 260-million years
      12/20 Genetically-engineered, extra-muscular dogs
       Chinese scientists have created genetically-engineered,
       extra-muscular dogs, after editing the genes of the animals for the
       first time. The scientists create beagles that have double the
       amount of muscle mass by deleting a certain gene, reports the MIT
       Technology Review. The mutant dogs have “more muscles and are
       expected to have stronger running ability, which is good for
       hunting, police (military) applications”, Liangxue Lai, one of the
       researchers on the project. Now the team hope to go on to create
       other modified dogs, including those that are engineered to have
       human diseases like muscular dystrophy or Parkinson’s. Since dogs’
       anatomy is similar to those of humans’, intentionally creating dogs
       with certain human genetic traits could allow scientists to further
       understand how they occur
      13/20 Nasa confirms Mars water discovery
       Nasa has announced that it has found evidence of flowing water on
       Mars. Scientists have long speculated that Recurring Slope Lineae —
       or dark patches — on Mars were made up of briny water but the new
       findings prove that those patches are caused by liquid water, which
       it has established by finding hydrated salts.
      14/20 Bees in the Rocky Mountains are evolving shorter tongues
       With warmer summers, flowers in the Rockies have become shallower
       and more suited to shorter-tongued bees
      15/20 The majority of the UK public believe in aliens
       The titular alien character from 2011's 'Paul' - a poll has found
       the majority of the public in Britain, Germany and the US believe
       that intelligent life is out there in the universe
      16/20 Researchers discover 'lost world' of arctic dinosaurs
       Scientists say that the new dinosaur, known as Ugrunaaluk
       kuukpikensis, “challenges everything we thought about a dinosaur’s
       physiology”. Florida State University professor of biological
       science Greg Erickson said: “It creates this natural question. How
       did they survive up here?”
      17/20 Scientists find exactly what human corpses smell like
       New research has become the first to isolate the particular scent
       of human death, describing the various chemicals that are emitted
       by corpses in an attempt to help find them in the future. The
       researchers hope that the findings are the first step towards
       working on a synthetic smell that could train cadaver dogs to be
       able to more accurately find human bodies, or to eventually
       developing electronic devices that can look for the scent
       themselves.
      18/20 The Syrian civil war has caused the first ever withdrawal
       from the 'doomsday bank'
       Researchers in the Middle East have asked for seeds including those
       of wheat, barley and grasses, all of which are chosen because
       especially resistant to dry conditions. It is the first withdrawal
       from the bank, which was built in 2008. Those researchers would
       normally request the seeds from a bank in Aleppo. But that centre
       has been damaged by the war — while some of its functions continue,
       and its cold storage still works, it has been unable to provide the
       seeds that are needed by the rest of the Middle East, as it once
       did.
      19/20 A team of filmmakers in the US have made the first ever scale
       model of the Solar System in a Nevada desert
       Illustrations of the Earth and moon show the two to be quite close
       together, Mr Overstreet said. This is inaccurate, the reason being
       that these images are not to scale.
      20/20 Academics claim a full bladder makes for a better liar
       People lie more convincingly if they have a full bladder, according
       to research by academics at California State University. Iris
       Blandón-Gitlin's team asked 22 students to lie to a panel of
       interviewers. Half were given 700ml to drink before the interview
       and the other half, just 50ml. The students with the full bladders
       showed fewer signs that they were lying and their untrue answers
       were longer and more detailed, meaning interviewers were less able
       to detect that they were telling porkies. PM David Cameron has
       previously attested to giving speeches on a full bladder.

   Ten years later, that led him to have the operation to fit the implants
   in his brain and rediscover what it is like to reach out and touch
   things.

   “I can feel just about every finger – it’s a really weird sensation,”
   he said, speaking a month after the operation.

   “Sometimes it feels electrical and sometimes its pressure, but for the
   most part, I can tell most of the fingers with definite precision.

   “It feels like my fingers are getting touched or pushed."

   In a video interview, Mr Copeland, who can move his upper arms, but has
   no sensation or movement in his lower arms and hands, added: "I usually
   feel it in the base of my fingers, in my finger pads, usually a tingle
   or some pressure like someone was squeezing.

   "A couple of electrodes feel like they are on my knuckles ... there are
   a couple of electrodes that feel like a regular touch.

   "It's never been painful. It's just kind of a tingle, it's not really
   pleasant or unpleasant."

   While he can feel pressure through the fingers and gauge how strong it
   is to an extent, he is unable to tell whether something is hot or cold.

   In tests, Mr Copeland was able to tell which of the robotic hand's
   fingers were being touched despite being blindfolded.

   A sense of touch is one of the key things currently missing in robotic
   devices.

   This is particularly important for picking something up – something
   heavy and solid like a brick requires a different approach to the
   delicate pressure control needed when handling a slice of cake, for
   example.

   The research was described in a paper published in the journal Science
   Translational Medicine.
      More about:
      Paralysis
      paralysed
      Robotics
      Robot
      brain-computer interface

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=15>
    News Independent » Feed News Independent » Comments Feed News
   Independent » Scientists Found Curious Cloud Shapes Over Bermuda
   Triangle Comments Feed alternate alternate

   CLOSE
      Business
      Entertainment
      Technology
      Science
      About Us
           Contact
           Advertising
           Privacy Policy

      Advertising
      The News Independent

      Business
          

Female Doctors Are Good For Elderly Patients’ Health

Why Are Days Seem to Slow Down?

Swarm Intelligence Review, Scam or Intelligent Trading App?

Orion Code Review, SCAM Software Exposed

Sixth Mass Extinction of Wildlife Can Happen by the End of…
      Entertainment
          

‘Passengers’ Movie Heading To International Space Station

Brad Pitt Red Carpet Scene After The Bitter Divorce

Carpool karaoke alert: Madonna will be james corden’s next guest

‘The Walking Dead’ Update: A Close Up on The Cell Episode

Toddler Prince George Snubs Canadian Prime Minister’s Low-Five, Trudeau’s
Fans Heartbroken
      Technology
          

Samsung Galaxy S8 Could Be Designed With 6-Inch Screen and “PLUS”…

Top 10 Paid iOS Apps And Games Of 2016

BlackBerry Mercury Might Only be Released in Verizon

Facebook News and Update: Data Surge Requested by Government

NBA Teams Up With NextVR, Watch Basketball in Virtual Reality!
      Science
          

A Chunk Of Polar Ice As Big As India Vanishes in…

Universe’s Biggest Galaxy Supercluster Discovered Near the Milky Way

World’s Smallest Snowman Tinier Than Human Hair [SEE HERE]

Read This New Way To Clean Cancer-Causing Chromium From Drinking Water

Europe’s Largest Volcanic Eruption May Happen Again, What Will Happen Now?
      About Us
           Contact
           Advertising
           Privacy Policy

    Search
   Home Science
   Scientists Found Curious Cloud Shapes Over Bermuda Triangle
   [INS: :INS]
   Loading...
      Science

Scientists Found Curious Cloud Shapes Over Bermuda Triangle

   By Periwinkle Supernova -
   Oct 22, 2016
   70
   Share on Facebook
   Tweet on Twitter

   Strange hexagonal clouds spotted over the Bermuda Triangle called as
   “air bombs” by scientists have been dubbed as the root cause of all
   mysterious vanishing of planes and ships at the doomed patch in the
   Atlantic Ocean, surrounded by Florida,Bermuda, and Puerto Rico.

   According to meteorologists, the hexagonal clouds can trigger 170mph
   hurricane-like force, capable of destroying planes and ships in no
   time. Air blasts running at a speed of 170 mph plus can sink ships and
   crash planes without a trace.

   Signaling the danger levels, meteorologist Randy Cerveny called the
   satellite imagery “bizarre.” He said hexagonal shapes in the sky
   signify potential microbursts from “blasts of air.”

Theories On Sinking Ships And Vanishing Planes

   Bermuda Triangle mysteries have already claimed at least 1,000 lives in
   the last 100 years. The scare is further compounded by the fact that
   even today four to five aircraft and 20 yachts go missing in that sea
   patch.

   The legacy of strange events at Bermuda Triangle dates back to 1493.
   Even the first journey of great explorer Christopher Columbus
   (1451-1506) had its reference on Bermuda Triangle as the explorer’s
   compass stopped functioning and he saw strange lights in the sea.

   One of the biggest tragedies was the drowning of the USS Cyclops in
   March 1918. The Navy cargo ship carried 306 passengers and sank between
   Barbados and the Chesapeake Bay. The most surprising fact was that
   there was no SOS call from the captain and the search yielded no
   wreckage of the ship. Similarly, two more naval cargo ships vanished on
   the same route in 1941.
   [INS: :INS]

   Yet another mystery was the vanishing of five U.S. Navy torpedo bombers
   “Flight 19” in 1945 carrying 14 men from Florida while flying on a
   training exercise.

   Two search planes were sent but only one of them returned. More
   intriguing was the wreckage of Flight 19 that was never found.

Tornado-Like Force?

   Now the hexagonal cloud theory joins a slew of reigning theories on
   Bermuda Triangle occurrences. Others include the presence of a fierce
   Gulf stream, weird compass behavior, and violent weather changes
   including methane pockets.

   Videos released by Science Channel on Wednesday sought to explain the
   mystery by taking of experts who attributed the hexagonal holes as the
   prime villains.

   The scientists discovered the “bizarre” hexagonal clouds at the sea
   front having 20 to 50 miles of width, using radar satellite imagery.

   According to experts, in simple terms, microbursts produced by
   hexagonal clouds are comparable to tornadoes but they differ on the
   impact as the effects will be more localized with the latter and will
   be felt within a radius of 100 Kms.

Share this:

      Tweet
     
      Share on Tumblr
     
     

       IFRAME:
       http://www.reddit.com/static/button/button1.html?newwindow=truewid
       th=120url=http3A2F2Fwww.thenewsindependent.com2Fscientists-fou
       nd-curious-cloud-shapes-bermuda-triangle2F167692Ftitle=Scientist
       s20Found20Curious20Cloud20Shapes20Over20Bermuda20Triangle

      [pinitfgenrectgray20.png?w=640]
     

Related

Comments

   comments
      TAGS
      Atlantic
      Bermuda Triangle
      Hexagonal Clouds
      USS Cyclops

   SHARE
   Facebook
   Twitter
     

       IFRAME:
       http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http://www.thenewsind
       ependent.com/scientists-found-curious-cloud-shapes-bermuda-triangle
       /16769/layout=buttoncountshowfaces=falsewidth=105action=like
       colorscheme=lightheight=21

      tweet

   Previous articleMicrosoft: How To Fix Mobile Build 14951 Update
   Downloading Issue in Windows 10
   Next articleSnow Leopard Population Rapidly Decreasing
   Periwinkle Supernova

   Subscribe to Blog via Email

   Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
   notifications of new posts by email.

   Email Address 

   Subscribe
   Loading...
   Copy

EDITOR PICKS

Debate drinking games to liven up the Presidential Election 2016

   Oct 3, 2016

Study Shows What Tiredness Do to your Body

   Jul 26, 2016

Boost Your Fitness by Increasing Your Vertical Jump

   May 6, 2016

POPULAR POSTS

10 Symptoms of Cats Cancer

   Feb 1, 2016

Researchers Turned Carbon Dioxide Into Ethanol Using Carbon And Copper

   Oct 21, 2016

Sportsdirect.com Take a Look at Preparing for Bonfire Night

   Nov 4, 2014

POPULAR CATEGORY

      Technology1951
      Health818
      Science505
      Business260
      Entertainment137
      Stocks23
      Sports16

   ABOUT US
   FOLLOW US

      Business
          

Female Doctors Are Good For Elderly Patients’ Health

Why Are Days Seem to Slow Down?

Swarm Intelligence Review, Scam or Intelligent Trading App?

Orion Code Review, SCAM Software Exposed

Sixth Mass Extinction of Wildlife Can Happen by the End of…
      Entertainment
          

‘Passengers’ Movie Heading To International Space Station

Brad Pitt Red Carpet Scene After The Bitter Divorce

Carpool karaoke alert: Madonna will be james corden’s next guest

‘The Walking Dead’ Update: A Close Up on The Cell Episode

Toddler Prince George Snubs Canadian Prime Minister’s Low-Five, Trudeau’s
Fans Heartbroken
      Technology
          

Samsung Galaxy S8 Could Be Designed With 6-Inch Screen and “PLUS”…

Top 10 Paid iOS Apps And Games Of 2016

BlackBerry Mercury Might Only be Released in Verizon

Facebook News and Update: Data Surge Requested by Government

NBA Teams Up With NextVR, Watch Basketball in Virtual Reality!
      Science
          

A Chunk Of Polar Ice As Big As India Vanishes in…

Universe’s Biggest Galaxy Supercluster Discovered Near the Milky Way

World’s Smallest Snowman Tinier Than Human Hair [SEE HERE]

Read This New Way To Clean Cancer-Causing Chromium From Drinking Water

Europe’s Largest Volcanic Eruption May Happen Again, What Will Happen Now?
      About Us
           Contact
           Advertising
           Privacy Policy

   ©
<file=16>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Culture
    2. Film
    3. Features

Harry Potter movie marathon: I watched every film in a row and now I think I'm a
                                     wizard

   A blow-by-blow account of 19-hours worth of the Wizarding World and one
   descent into magical hysteria

      Clarisse Loughrey
      @clarisselou
      Tuesday 18 October 2016 16:10 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FIndependentCulture2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesize
   =largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Culture

   harry-potter.jpg

   We all love Harry Potter - but to what level of commitment?

   That was a question I was about to put to the test in a manner I wasn't
   entirely sure I'd survive - marathoning each of the eight installments
   of the Harry Potter franchise over the course of one night and one day.
   For the mathematicians in the house, that's a straight 19 hours and 39
   minutes of magical goodness; which turned slowly into 22 hours with
   breaks, because I am human and my eyeballs are the weakest of my
   organs.

   So, to celebrate 2016's host of Harry Potter celebrations: from the
   15th anniversary of the release of Harry Potter and the Philosopher'
   Stone, the release of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and the
   return of the entire franchise to cinemas - I attempted the improbable
   and overdosed on the Wizarding World in true style. Here follows my
   account of the proceedings.

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/VyHV0BRtdxo

   4.35PM– And so it begins. I'm already humming the theme music.
   Dumbledore (Richard Harris-style) is dropping off little baby Harry at
   Privet Drive, with McGonagall transfiguring out of her cat disguise
   into human form. Which probably would have been some kind of
   mind-blowing special effect at the time, but we're low-key going to get
   dragons in about three films so I'm trying to conserve my awe for now.

   4:52PM - “You're a wizard, Harry.” And with that, a thousand childhoods
   instantly made and ruined; in the knowledge that we'd never hear those
   words, even though they were the only thing we desired in our young,
   feeble lives.

   5.04PM – Harry is choosing a wand. He gets one with a phoenix feather
   inside, which is very cool but makes me think there must be a lot of
   insecurity in the Wizarding World. Think about it, you're constantly
   having things chosen for you – your wand, your house, your patronus
   etc. What if you end up a Hufflepuff with a toad patronus and a wand
   with some kind of stink-root in it? How do you live with yourself then?

   5.11PM – Only Hollywood could make King's Cross station look like some
   exciting, wondrous place and not a hellfire of sweat, rage, day-old
   vomit, and delays.
   harry-potter.jpg

   5.14PM – What is up with Hermione in this first film? Sure, she evens
   out and turns feminist icon by the end of the series; but she's kind of
   abhorrent to everyone here, especially Ron. Which kind of makes me
   think she's one of those psychopath gene people; meaning she'll either
   end up owning a billion dollar company or murdering Ron and stuffing
   him in a car trunk.

   6.02PM – Malfoy just got detention from McGonagall because he snuck out
   of bed to tell on Harry  friends. I love that Hogwarts works on prison
   rules. Snitches get stitches.

   6.58 PM – The Philosopher's Stone has finally been uncovered and
   Professor Quirrell's been turned to ash; meaning Harry's killed in cold
   blood for the first time. Excellent! It's one film down and I'm feeling
   magical in every fibre of my being. What an absolute, sugary sweet
   delight Philosopher's Stone is; the kind that relishes in the airy joy
   of being a true children's classic. But let's move on – I've already
   eaten half the snacks I bought but, hey, I'm feeling good.

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/1bq0qff4iF8

   7.15PM – The kids age super quickly between these first two films. It's
   abrupt, and almost kind of terrifying. Like, who is this old man
   Potter? Where did that tiny, squeaky-voiced boy go? Is this really how
   unforgiving and brutal the ravages of time are? Is there hope for any
   of us?

   7.16PM – But, Dobby! He's here now, so all is good and nothing hurts.
   He's smashing his head into a chest of drawers. Now he's smacking
   himself in the face with a lamp. I relate to Dobby a lot.

   7.31PM – Not only does Chamber of Secrets introduce all-time legend
   Dobby into the game, but it also features maybe my favourite character
   of all – work with me on this – Gilderoy Lockhart. He's spectacular.
   None of the women in this film can handle the luscious curled bangs of
   Kenneth Branagh. It's like looking straight into the sun.

   8.48PM - “They can't cancel Quidditch!” Hermione just got petrified,
   but it's good that Oliver Wood's keeping his priorities straight.
   Dude's got to be unbearable off the Quidditch pitch; like guys who keep
   talking about their gains at the gym, Oliver loves to corner girls at
   parties and tell them about how many bludgers he took down in his last
   match.
   gilderoy-lockhart.jpg

   8.57PM – Right, it's time for the terrifying monster spider to turn up,
   which is the perfect cue for me to leave and make my first cup of
   coffee for the evening; because, when I do eventually sleep, I would
   like that sleep to be largely nightmare-free. If I ever get to that
   point. Also, what is up with Aragog setting all his spider babies after
   Harry and Ron when the only reason they were there in the first place
   was to help Aragog's supposed buddy Hagrid? Burn your friendship
   bracelet, Hagrid.

   9.03PM – Nope. Just walked in again and the forest is entirely a
   blanket of giant spiders and they're crawling over everything. Nope.

   9.08PM – Ginny's been taken by the basilisk – time to step in and save
   the day, Gilderoy Lockhart! Now is the hour of need! Or just go back
   into your office, that is also fine. Or just betray Harry and then
   completely backfire your spell so you knock yourself unconscious and
   lose all your memories, it's all good.

   9.20PM – Oh, come on Tom Riddle; your glorious, floppy bangs don't fool
   me. We all know the true lesson of The Chamber of Secrets and that is
   don't trust people with really great hair. That's why everyone in
   Slytherin looks like they just stepped out of ToniGuy – ibecause their
   hair was tainted by the devil's curler.

   9.33PM – Harry may have defeated Riddle, but he's now afraid his gift
   for Parseltongue, amongst others things, means he's been tainted by his
   enemy and was in fact always destined to be a Slytherin. Personally, I
   don't know what he's so worried about because his hair is average at
   best.

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/1ZdlAg3j8nI

   10.03PM – We're officially entering Potter puberty now. You can tell
   because the Warner Bros. Logo is all dark and moody. Plus, Harry's
   experimenting with his wand under the duvet.

   10.15PM - Alfonso Cuarón directs here so everything gets kind of
   freaky, kind of fast. We're quickly introduced to the (genuinely
   frightening) Dementors. My sincere congratulations to every Hogwarts
   student who didn't take one look at those soul-sucking skeleton ghosts
   and hightail it straight back home.

   10.31PM – Michael Gambon has entered as the new Dumbledore. Followed
   swiftly by Emma Thompson, as the producers of Harry Potter stalk up and
   down the hallways of BAFTA, dragging out every Brit actor they can find
   by the collar. I'm thankful, though, since one of the best things about
   the entire series has always been watching these legendary actors hang
   loose and have the time of their lives on-screen.

   10.47PM – Lupin has always been a fan-favourite for good reason. He's
   maybe the most chill individual in the entire Wizarding World, and
   someone I would just feel really comfortable getting a beer with. You
   can tell he's really chill because he always wears a lot of cardigans.
   harry-potter.jpg

   11.44PM – Gary Oldman is yelling a lot. It's just a master-class of
   yelling, this performance.

   11.55PM – The design of werewolf Lupin in this movie is magnificent.
   Like many fans, Azkaban is my favourite of the series, precisely
   because of this kind of visionary stuff - so good job, Cuarón. Plus, I
   feel sane and awake enough right now to actually appreciate it.

   12.01AM – I am not, however sane or awake enough to really get my head
   around the paradoxical logic of the time-turner; specifically whether
   Buckbeak actually died the first time around we see events or whether
   events had already been altered and he was saved, meaning Harry and
   Hermione's actions with the time-turner were always destined to work?
   J.K. Rowling, help me.

   12.24AM – And so ends the Azkaban adventure, a marker of the major tone
   shift for the series from wide-eyed children's classic into the
   eventual fantasy epic we get by its close.

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/3EGojp4Hh6I

   12.37AM – Look, here's David Tennant here to welcome us into the next
   chapter. He's dressed like a Goth ticket scalper.

   12.42AM – Harry is bizarrely dumbfounded by the Weasleys' Tardis-style
   tent at the Quidditch World Cup. He's just spent three movies battling
   giant snakes, spiders, and werewolves; but, my god, this extra floor
   space is EVERYTHING.

   12.59AM – New year, new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. Just
   make this an online course already, will you? That said, I do like Mad
   Eye Moody's methods of yelling facts into students' faces, then
   traumatising insects.

   01.13AM – Ah, we reach the great mystery of the Harry Potter movies.
   What on earth is the dashing/successful/popular Cedric Diggory doing in
   Hufflepuff? Did he crap his pants during the sorting hat ceremony or
   something? What happened there?
   goblet-fire.jpg

   01.17AM – Poor Harry's being forced to compete in the Tri-Wizard Cup
   even though he's underage and didn't submit his name to the Goblet.
   It's just like when you walk into a room at a house party looking for
   your phone and next thing you know you've lost a drinking game and
   someone's trying to pour anonymous fluids down your throat.

   02.01AM - “I think I'd rather take the dragon.” Poor Harry time
   continues as he struggles to find a date for the Yuletide Ball. Oh, he
   may be the Chosen One, but he still gets rejected by Cho Chang will
   standing in a tower surrounded by owl crap, because the dude couldn't
   get his act together and ask her earlier.

   03.08AM – So, Voldemort's back and Cedric is dead. RIP Cedric – time to
   move on to your next life as a sparkling vampire babe. Cedric's
   probably the first hardcore death of the series, too. No one's taking
   it well, but I kind of wish I could just gently touch them all on the
   shoulder and be, like, “buddy, it's about to get a whole bunch worse.”

Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/y6ZW7KXaXYk

   03.38AM – I've officially passed the halfway point. My sanity is
   somewhat intact, though words and actions are starting to blur into one
   magical fever. Harry is sitting on a swing and staring into nothingness
   and that sort of sums up how I feel right now. Dudley's transformed
   into some silver chain-wearing thug. We're in deep teenagerdom now.

   04.14AM – Dolores Umbridge's Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson plans
   being theoretically-based rather than practically-based - when all the
   students know it won't prepare them for facing Voldemort - feels like a
   very, very sick burn against the current education system. Nice one,
   J.K. On the other hand, those are some really nice decorative kitten
   plates. I'd definitely take backhanded bribes from Voldemort for a set
   of those bad boys.

   04.35AM – The most essential part of forming Dumbledore's Army is
   getting everyone to queue up and put their names down on a sign-up
   sheet. That's how all great rebellions were formed – remember the
   sign-up sheet they tacked to the front of the Bastille?
   harry-potter.jpg

   05.15AM – This scene where they interrupt Umbridge's exam session with
   a bunch of fireworks is every student's dream, isn't it? I feel like
   Pink Floyd needs to be playing right now. All followed by some sweet,
   centaur-flavoured justice for Umbridge; even though we know all this
   celebration will be short-lived because this is latter-day Potter and
   somebody's about to die.

   05.34AM – And, there we go. RIP Sirius. There's a lot of slow-motion
   crying. Harry's having a moral crisis over whether to revenge murder
   Bellatrix Lestrange; which I'm half onboard for because – how dare she
   – half against because Helena Bonham Carter is a very cool lady.

   05.44AM - “You'll never know love or friendship. And I feel sorry for
   you.” Turns out, Voldemort's just as insecure as the rest of us; which
   is almost a comforting thought. Oh man, remember when our biggest
   problem was living in a cupboard? I miss those days. But we've got
   friendship; sweet, restorative friendship pouring out of our ear-holes.
   And thus ends Order of the Phoenix – with the idea that everything's
   going to be fine, because friendship.

Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/sg81Lts5kYY

   06.03AM– The Warner Bros. logo is so dark now it's like Batman designed
   it. We're truly through the rabbit hole now and, yes, lack of sleep is
   100 making me more emotionally distraught about this than I should be.
   I'm getting to the point where I can't separate the stakes in my own
   life – running out snacks, drinking so much coffee my heart explodes –
   and the stakes of the film, like Voldemort plunging the Wizard World
   into an age of darkness and everyone getting murdered by Death Eaters.

   06.24AM – Snape is in SO deep right now with Voldemort's crew; it's
   stakes on stakes on stakes on stakes, and I feel like I'm going mad
   with the level of investment I have with what's going on right now. It
   is sort of great, however, that pretty much all you need to do to
   infiltrate the Death Eaters is wear a lot black. Look like you fell out
   of a Hot Topic and I guess everyone just assumes you're evil.

   06.44AM – Hermione's talking about this super powerful love potion
   that's giving off an irresistible smell, but I'm pretty sure she just
   described Lynx aftershave. Am I right? Where's my sponsorship deal?
   harry-potter.jpg

   06.57AM – Let us pause the horror for a brief intermission of teen
   antics. Hey, remember Quidditch? When it was a fun sport to play before
   all the murder started? Or going to the pub to get a Butterbeer with
   your pals? Or describing the respective quality of your crushes' skin
   with your best pal, as Ron and Harry are doing in this painfully
   awkward example of teenage dude chat? WHY IS BEING A TEENAGER SO WEIRD?

   08.08AM – Harry and Malfoy are duking it out in a bathroom. Why does so
   much of the action in Harry Potter happen in bathrooms? That's maybe
   the least magical place you could find in this largely magical castle.
   Anyway, Malfoy is grievously injured because Harry utilised one of the
   spells he found in the Half-Blood Prince's book and everyone's mad
   about it; even though Malfoy and his dad are clearly Death Eaters, and
   why is Malfoy even allowed to attend this school at this point in time?

   08.45AM – Everything just got very quiet. And... DUMBLEDORE IS DEAD.
   Slow motion. Regretful Snape. Tears, endless tears. Bellatrix is
   jazzed. Everything is sepia now. It's just going to be a constant
   stream of death from now onwards; which worries me, because my soul has
   been weakened from sleep deprivation and I'm starting to worry I won't
   make it.

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/YzfEH0UPEBo

   09.19AM – The final stretch. Usually, I'm glad the Deathly Hallows is
   split up into two films because that means more Harry Potter; but right
   now I'm kind of horrified. What if Harry Potter just keeps going and
   going and going and I'll have to watch him raise his kids and pay his
   mortgage? Hermione just obliviated her own dentist parents. Harry's
   waving goodbye to his little cupboard house. Look how far we've come;
   it's like life in that cupboard is now but a sweet, distant memory of
   child abuse.

   09.30AM – Where the hell did Domhnall Gleeson come from? Was this some
   weird sort of father/son duty he had to carry out for Brendan? Did the
   Harry Potter producers only just notice he had red hair and told him,
   sorry, you're playing a Weasley now? And you're married to this French
   chick. Don't ask how or why.

   10.21AM – They've escaped the wedding attack and headed straight to
   Sirius Black's old haunt, Grimmauld Place. No one else is there because
   everyone is dead. There is only a very angry house elf left, who is a
   strong contrast to Dobby because he is neither adorable, nor does he
   smash himself in the face with lamps. Speaking of, Dobby's returned.
   Yay, Dobby! Let's not think about the fact he's only turned up, after
   being absent for half the franchise, so that he can die and make
   everyone cry.
   harry-potter-deathly-hallows.jpg

   10.41AM – I just had to Google whether Martin Freeman was in any of
   these films, because it feels like he should be and I've been waiting
   around 18 hours for him to turn up and it's not happened. Turns out he
   is not in any of these films. This Google session also marks the
   beginning of a long section of this film in which Harry and Hermione
   wander around the woods with various levels of angst.

   11.16AM – The locket Horcrux is trying to murder Harry in an ice lake,
   which begs the question: why do people always wear cursed objects
   around their necks? These kids are having exactly the same problem as
   Frodo Baggins; just because there's a chain, doesn't meant you have to
   wear it. Just put it in your pocket or something.

   11.43AM – Dobby to the rescue! Dobby is so bad ass. I love him and I'm
   not prepared for what's about to happen. Bellatrix is yelling a lot, as
   usual. Who is the better yeller – Sirius or Bellatrix?

   11.47AM – OH GOD, DOBBY. NO, DOBBY Why is this so unnecessarily cruel,
   J.K. Rowling? He was just a little house elf. He had his one moment to
   shine and then you straight up murdered him in cold blood. The distant
   look in his eye – why is this death so emotional? He looks like Gollum
   banged ET banged a bunch of ear wax; yet, still, this is the worst and
   most tragic thing to have happened in the entire Harry Potter universe.

   Who will stop these tears from cascading down my eyes – it burns. Burns
   with the rage of injustice placed upon this sweet, princely house elf
   whose taste of freedom was so short but who gave himself up so
   willingly to sacrifice. Sorry, but that grave they dig him at the top
   of a hill is not enough. Not enough for Dobby, he deserves a viking
   funeral. He deserves fire and tears and sad chanting. YOU WILL BE
   AVENGED DOBBY, I PROMISE YOU THIS!

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/5NYt1qirBWg

   12.08PM– The home stretch. The final frontier. I feel strange and
   emotional – my reality has broken down. I am Potter and I am not
   Potter. This deeply eerie opening isn't helping - with all these
   Dementors flying around Hogwarts and Snape standing there like – ho, ho
   what's my motivation? You'll soon find out. I am still sad about
   Dobby.

   12.19PM – Helena Bonham Carter's performance as Emma Watson playing
   Helena Bonham Carter is fabulous. Although, it's really strange that no
   one in Gringotts is catching on that this isn't actually Bellatrix, but
   Hermione Polyjuiced as Bellatrix - I mean, she's doing zero yelling.
   Not convincing at all.

   12.53PM – There's time to squeeze in one more Brit actor before we wrap
   up, so here's Kelly Macdonald as Helena Ravenclaw's ghost. She is mad
   as balls about her mother's diadem becoming a Horcrux.

   1PM – Ron and Hermione are making out because there's nothing sexier
   than destroying a Horcrux and annihilating a part of somebody's soul.
   Actually, pretty much everyone's declaring love for each other: Ginny
   and Harry, Neville and Luna. The scent of death is truly the world's
   greatest aphrodisiac.

   1.43PM – Here comes the RIP locomotive. Again, what are the spiders
   doing here, fighting for Voldemort? Come on, what's their motivation in
   this franchise? Traitors. Anyway, Lavender Brown's dead and no one will
   probably mourn her.
   harry-potter-and-the-deathly-hallows-part-2.jpg

   1.46PM - And there goes Severus Snape, murdered so Voldemort can take
   possession of the Elder Wand. I'm sad, but not as sad as I should be,
   because Snape's storyline is super complicated and I'm too tired to
   understand what he's up to in dying right now.

   1.51PM – Time for some more RIPs. One of the Weasley twins - I forget
   which, honestly. Over there, Tonks and Lupin; with their hands sort of
   touching but not touching, because this movie wants to mess with us as
   much as possible. Everybody's crying. I'm crying. Someone on the street
   below my window is probably crying.

   2.06PM – Everyone's back as a ghost, though. Which is nice. They're all
   here to support Harry as he destroys himself, the last Horcrux. It's
   kind of like coming to your kid's football game, but you're dead and
   you're here for your kid's death. The afterlife is King's Cross
   station. There are no trains, but there are never any trains at King's
   Cross Station anyway. Harry can just mournfully sit on his luggage and
   eat a cold burrito now, I guess.

   2.19PM – All the Death Eaters are laughing at Neville Longbottom; which
   is awful, but he's also probably used to it by now. Dead Harry isn't
   dead anymore - he's living his own "surprise bitch, bet you thought
   you'd seen the last of me" meme before making a runner for it.
   Voldemort's been turned into wizard confetti. And it's done.

   I feel exhausted, hysterical - but also filled to the brim with magic.
   A feeling of magic so intense that's it's making my toes tingle. Or
   that could just be the sleep deprivation. For 22-straight
   hours, though, I have indulged myself in a dream world that's
   enraptured the globe and I couldn't understand why any better than now.
   I want to wingardium leviosa my life away. Thank you life, thank you
   love, thank you Potter.
      More about:
      Harry Potter
      JK Rowling

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=17>
   alternate alternate alternate

   mirrorLoad mobile navigation
      News
           UK News
           World News
           Weird News
           Crime
           Real Life Stories
           Health
           Motoring
       Expand
      Politics
      Sport
           Football
           Formula 1
           Boxing
           Cricket
           Horse Racing
           Row Zed
           Rugby Union
           Other Sports
               o Athletics
               o Cycling
               o Darts
               o MMA
               o Wrestling
            Expand
       Expand
      Football
      Celebs
           Celebrity News
           US Gossip
           Fashion  Beauty
           Weird Celeb News
       Expand
      TV  Film
      Weird News
      Technology
      Money
      Travel
      Fashion
      Mums
      Quizzes
      Got a Story?

   Sign in
      My Account
      Sign Out

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      Offers
      Fantasy
      Bingo
      Dating
      Jobs
      BuySell
      Competitions
      Horoscopes
      Psychic
      Cartoons
      Crosswords

      BuySell
      Find a job
      Find a home
      Find a new home
      Find a local business
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Follow Us
      Sell Your Story
      How to Complain
      Corrections  Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Privacy Statement
      Cookie Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror
      Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror
      Irish Mirror
      © 2016 MGN Limited

    1. Home
    2. News
    3. UK News
    4. Sleepwalking

   News

 The weirdest things uttered by sleep talkers - including pickles, space travel
                                  and mustard

Flying cows, plans to deal with the impending apocalypse and Michale Jackson
also cropped up in the most bizarre things spoken by sleepers

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   ByStian Alexander
      19:26, 13 OCT 2016
      Updated12:08, 14 OCT 2016

   News

   Sleep talkers have been known to utter weird - and hilarious - things
   (Photo: Getty)

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   Get daily updates directly to your inbox
    (Submit)  Subscribe
   Thank you for subscribing!
   Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email

   A hunt for the oddest thing said by a sleep talker unearthed the gem:
   “If they come here asking about the pickles, say nothing.”

   Bed partners also told of their other half blurting out: “Meet me round
   the corner and bring the mustard,” and “I’m a rocket man take me to the
   moon .”

   They were the top three bed firm Time4Sleep picked from examples sent
   in.

   Julie Kenny, of Liverpool, whose hubby Garry gibbered about the
   pickles, said he also snored – “so I’m lucky to get any sleep”.

   She added: “I always tell him next morning what he has said and he
   claims it’s me dreaming. I once taped him to prove it.”

Read More

      Why you should sleep on your left hand side - and it's not just
       good for your back

   Psychologist Elena Touri said 5 of people sleep-talk but added: “While
   disturbing and embarrassing, it is not a serious condition.”

Sleep talkers' top 10 weird gems

    1. If they come here asking about the pickles, say nothing!
    2. Meet me round the corner and bring the mustard
    3. I’m a rocket man take me to the moon
    4. Michael Jackson is in the wardrobe
    5. Duck, duck, the flying cows are coming!
    6. The cow is on the footbridge!
    7. I’ve tried and tried but I still cannot lay an egg
    8. Don’t wash the mushrooms use a mushroom brush
    9. The force, the force is strong
   10. It’s the apocalypse....but don’t worry I have a plan

Read More

Sleep

      Sleeping Tricks
      A Generic Photo of woman in bed, unable to sleep
       How much do I need?
      A woman snoring
       Get better sleep
      A woman sleeping in her bed
       Insomnia - sleep countdown

      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Daily Newsletter

      Follow @DailyMirror

   Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter email
   Subscribe

   Comments
   Show more comments

   More On
      Sleepwalking

      news
      all

      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin
   destroys diseased cells
   The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround
   cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help
   develop a cure for cancer
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   PoliceFirst pictures of married British couple found hanged and
   blindfolded in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note'
   Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the
   seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Istanbul nightclub attackIstanbul nightclub ISIS attack: Recap as ISIS
   claims responsibility for gun attack that left 39 dead
   The terrorist went on a shooting rampage with an AK-47 in Reina, one of
   Turkey's most famous nightclubs
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Car crashesMan left with shattered spine after New Year 'drink-driver'
   collides with taxi carrying victim and pals
   Lloyd Jack, 21, who suffered fractured vertebrae, said he was  lucky to
   be alive after the horror crash on the way to a party with friends
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   PoliticsTributes planned for centenary of one of World War I's
   bloodiest battles
   The Battle of Passchendaele which saw more than half a million troops
   killed in Belgium, will be commemorated in the summer
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   BurglaryThieves steal £5m of gems in midnight New Year's Eve jewellery
   heist after using hammer and wrench to smash their way in
   One source said the three-man raid - carried out at 12.01am on Sunday -
   was possibly an inside job
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   CrimeCaught on camera: 'Goldilocks' intruder who broke in, showered and
   was found sleeping in couple's bed
   A shocked couple returned home to find their bed had been moved into
   the living room - and stranger was inside
      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin
   destroys diseased cells
   The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround
   cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help
   develop a cure for cancer
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United
   and Liverpool latest as January window opens
   Follow our live blog throughout the day as we deliver all the latest
   news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Lily Allen'I've only ever been sexually assaulted by white males,'
   claims Lily Allen in heated racism row
   The Smile singer was locked in a ferocious war of words on Twitter when
   she made her shocking statement
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Car crashesMan left with shattered spine after New Year 'drink-driver'
   collides with taxi carrying victim and pals
   Lloyd Jack, 21, who suffered fractured vertebrae, said he was  lucky to
   be alive after the horror crash on the way to a party with friends
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Arsenal FCMesut Ozil set to miss Bournemouth clash with Shkodran
   Mustafi in line for return
   Both teams go into this game on the back of wins, following the
   Cherries victory over Swansea and the Gunners triumph over Crystal
   Palace
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   PoliticsTributes planned for centenary of one of World War I's
   bloodiest battles
   The Battle of Passchendaele which saw more than half a million troops
   killed in Belgium, will be commemorated in the summer
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Susanna ReidBrave Susanna Reid shares make-up free selfie without
   filters to show stark contrast
   The Good Morning Britain presenter was praised for her honesty in
   before-and-after post
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United
   and Liverpool latest as January window opens
   Follow our live blog throughout the day as we deliver all the latest
   news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window

   Top Stories

   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   BurglaryThieves steal £5m of gems in midnight New Year's Eve jewellery
   heist after using hammer and wrench to smash their way in
   One source said the three-man raid - carried out at 12.01am on Sunday -
   was possibly an inside job
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   PoliceYoung British married couple found hanged, blindfolded and gagged
   in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note'
   Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the
   seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   TwinsTwins born in separate years thanks to unexpected New Year's Eve
   arrival
   Sawyer and Everett Shay will share a unique bond for th rest of their
   lives - but not the same birthday
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   FacebookGrateful mum tracks down waitress who calmed down her screaming
   toddler to say thank you
   Bonnie Beck told how waitress Kelly Niblett helped entertain her
   two-year-old Roman when he was "royally kicking off" in a restaurant
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   CrimeCaught on camera: 'Goldilocks' intruder who broke in, showered and
   was found sleeping in couple's bed
   A shocked couple returned home to find their bed had been moved into
   the living room - and stranger was inside
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Fire DepartmentFirst picture of tragic teen among four siblings killed
   and six injured in poison gas accident
   Yasmeen Balderas, 17, Josue Balderas, 11, Johnnie Balderas, nine, and
   Felipe Balderas, seven, all died in the horrific incident
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   New Year's honoursOutrage as last Dambuster ignored in New Year's
   honours but Cameron's cronies rewarded
   George 'Johnny' Johnson, 94, ignored while Tory donors given accolades
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   DietEnglish children eat half their sugar allowance at breakfast
   because of sweet-ladened cereals
   Sugary cereals, fruit juice and some spreads are to blame, according to
   Public Health England
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   RailwaysUK rail fares take up 14 of our pay.. in France it’s just two
   per cent
   Fares  here have gone up over 50 in the last ten years while earnings
   have only gone up 24
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   Car crashesMum's warning after horror car smash on icy road left her
   choking on seatbelt in flipped vehicle
   Hazel Edgar was travelling between Ballymena and Antrim in Northern
   Ireland when another car lost control and smashed into her Dacia Duster
   jeep
   [TRMRMMGLPICT000098811477o.jpg]
   TerrorismIstanbul nightclub shooting suspect smirks in sinister video
   selfie before 39 killed in ISIS massacre
   The suspect stares into the lens as he films himself in a busy shopping
   street in Istanbul before an ISIS killer massacred dozens on New Year's
   Eve

      News
      Politics
      Football
      Sport
      Celebs
      TV  Film
      Weird News
      Quizzes
      Technology
      Money
      Travel
      Fashion
      Mums
      Motoring

Follow us

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      BuySell
      Find a job
      Find a home
      Find a new home
      Find a local business
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Follow Us
      Sell Your Story
      How to Complain
      Corrections  Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Privacy Statement
      Cookie Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror
      Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror
      Irish Mirror
      © 2016 MGN Limited
     

   This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with
   this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie
   choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

   one pixel graphics
<file=18>
   alternate alternate alternate

   mirrorLoad mobile navigation
      News
           UK News
           World News
           Weird News
           Crime
           Real Life Stories
           Health
           Motoring
       Expand
      Politics
      Sport
           Football
           Formula 1
           Boxing
           Cricket
           Horse Racing
           Row Zed
           Rugby Union
           Other Sports
               o Athletics
               o Cycling
               o Darts
               o MMA
               o Wrestling
            Expand
       Expand
      Football
      Celebs
           Celebrity News
           US Gossip
           Fashion  Beauty
           Weird Celeb News
       Expand
      TV  Film
      Weird News
      Technology
      Money
      Travel
      Fashion
      Mums
      Quizzes
      Got a Story?

   Sign in
      My Account
      Sign Out

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      Offers
      Fantasy
      Bingo
      Dating
      Jobs
      BuySell
      Competitions
      Horoscopes
      Psychic
      Cartoons
      Crosswords

      BuySell
      Find a job
      Find a home
      Find a new home
      Find a local business
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Follow Us
      Sell Your Story
      How to Complain
      Corrections  Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Privacy Statement
      Cookie Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror
      Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror
      Irish Mirror
      © 2016 MGN Limited

    1. Home
    2. News
    3. Weird News
    4. Travelodge

   News

 Travelodge reveals weirdest guest requests - and some of them are very bizarre

A man wanted bagpipes as a wake up call and another guest asked for philosophy
books to make the room "look like home"

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   ByRuki Sayid
      16:06, 16 NOV 2016
      Updated17:11, 16 NOV 2016

   News

   Travelodge Travelodge reveals weirdest guest requests - and some of
   them are very bizarre (Photo: PA)

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   Get daily updates directly to your inbox
    (Submit)  Subscribe
   Thank you for subscribing!
   Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email

   Staff budget hotel chain Travelodge have lifted the lid on some of the
   most bizarre requests from guests from wanting a unicorn to help with
   VAT returns.

   The exasperating queries this year ranged from a younger guest asking
   what time the tooth fairy was visiting and a man wanting bagpipes as a
   wake-up call to philosophy books placed at the end of the bed to “look
   like home”.

   Despite its value-for-money rooms, Travelodge has attracted a string of
   well heeled guests with equally bizarre demands from a helipad for the
   boss and a run down of the stock market figures to an English into
   Spanish translation for a presentation.

   Some of the requests have been downright crazy like a guest in Oxford
   wanting a circular quilt or one in Coventry who asked for a white
   stallion to take him to his wedding ceremony.

   Equally barmy was the earnest man in Bath who was keen to find a
   unicorn to carry an engagement ring to his girlfriend.

Read More

      Groom finds out wife went behind his back with wedding day
       photography request - and he's livid

   Unicorn

   One guest wanted a unicorn to help with VAT returns (Photo: Getty)

   Tooth fairy envelope under pillow

   One excited youngster wanted to know what time the tooth fairy would be
   visiting (Photo: Getty)

   And one businessman in Leeds cheekily asked if a hotel worker could pop
   to the shops and buy his wife a birthday present and wrap it too.

   Visitors also took some popular spots literally with questions like
   “Where can I find the Queen on the Royal Mile?” in Edinburgh and “Where
   are the limes at Lime Street Station?” in Liverpool.

   Travelodge spokeswoman Shakila Ahmed said: “With over 18 million
   customers staying annually across our 523 UK Travelodge hotels, our
   hotel teams receive thousands of unusual requests from business and
   leisure travellers.

   A Scottish bagpiper plays next to the Lochnagar Crater, a mine crater
   created after an English mine exploded

   Would you fancy bagpipes as your wake-up call (Photo: AFP)

   “Where possible, the hotels teams go above and beyond to help customers
   however, there are some requests that they cannot help with.

   “For example finding a unicorn to help one romantic with his wedding
   proposal, ensuring there is a blue sky on the day of an important
   strategy meeting for an executive and moving a Travelodge room to the
   roof of the hotel so that the customer could sleep under the stars.”

      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Daily Newsletter

      Follow @MirrorWeirdNews

   Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter email
   Subscribe

   Comments
   Show more comments

   More On
      Travelodge

      news
      all

      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [Travelodge.jpg]
   CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin
   destroys diseased cells
   The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround
   cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help
   develop a cure for cancer
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   PoliceFirst pictures of married British couple found hanged and
   blindfolded in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note'
   Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the
   seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Istanbul nightclub attackIstanbul nightclub ISIS attack: Recap as ISIS
   claims responsibility for gun attack that left 39 dead
   The terrorist went on a shooting rampage with an AK-47 in Reina, one of
   Turkey's most famous nightclubs
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Car crashesMan left with shattered spine after New Year 'drink-driver'
   collides with taxi carrying victim and pals
   Lloyd Jack, 21, who suffered fractured vertebrae, said he was  lucky to
   be alive after the horror crash on the way to a party with friends
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   PoliticsTributes planned for centenary of one of World War I's
   bloodiest battles
   The Battle of Passchendaele which saw more than half a million troops
   killed in Belgium, will be commemorated in the summer
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   BurglaryThieves steal £5m of gems in midnight New Year's Eve jewellery
   heist after using hammer and wrench to smash their way in
   One source said the three-man raid - carried out at 12.01am on Sunday -
   was possibly an inside job
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   CrimeCaught on camera: 'Goldilocks' intruder who broke in, showered and
   was found sleeping in couple's bed
   A shocked couple returned home to find their bed had been moved into
   the living room - and stranger was inside
      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [Travelodge.jpg]
   CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin
   destroys diseased cells
   The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround
   cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help
   develop a cure for cancer
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United
   and Liverpool latest as January window opens
   Follow our live blog throughout the day as we deliver all the latest
   news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Lily Allen'I've only ever been sexually assaulted by white males,'
   claims Lily Allen in heated racism row
   The Smile singer was locked in a ferocious war of words on Twitter when
   she made her shocking statement
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United
   and Liverpool latest as January window opens
   Follow our live blog throughout the day as we deliver all the latest
   news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Paris JacksonPrince Jackson makes his famous dad Michael's signature
   sounds as he gets tattoo - but sister Paris doesn't flinch
   Paris appears to be a lot tougher than her big brother
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Car crashesMan left with shattered spine after New Year 'drink-driver'
   collides with taxi carrying victim and pals
   Lloyd Jack, 21, who suffered fractured vertebrae, said he was  lucky to
   be alive after the horror crash on the way to a party with friends
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Arsenal FCMesut Ozil set to miss Bournemouth clash with Shkodran
   Mustafi in line for return
   Both teams go into this game on the back of wins, following the
   Cherries victory over Swansea and the Gunners triumph over Crystal
   Palace
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   PoliticsTributes planned for centenary of one of World War I's
   bloodiest battles
   The Battle of Passchendaele which saw more than half a million troops
   killed in Belgium, will be commemorated in the summer

   Top Stories

   [Travelodge.jpg]
   BurglaryThieves steal £5m of gems in midnight New Year's Eve jewellery
   heist after using hammer and wrench to smash their way in
   One source said the three-man raid - carried out at 12.01am on Sunday -
   was possibly an inside job
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   PoliceYoung British married couple found hanged, blindfolded and gagged
   in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note'
   Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the
   seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   TwinsTwins born in separate years thanks to unexpected New Year's Eve
   arrival
   Sawyer and Everett Shay will share a unique bond for th rest of their
   lives - but not the same birthday
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   FacebookGrateful mum tracks down waitress who calmed down her screaming
   toddler to say thank you
   Bonnie Beck told how waitress Kelly Niblett helped entertain her
   two-year-old Roman when he was "royally kicking off" in a restaurant
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   CrimeCaught on camera: 'Goldilocks' intruder who broke in, showered and
   was found sleeping in couple's bed
   A shocked couple returned home to find their bed had been moved into
   the living room - and stranger was inside
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Fire DepartmentFirst picture of tragic teen among four siblings killed
   and six injured in poison gas accident
   Yasmeen Balderas, 17, Josue Balderas, 11, Johnnie Balderas, nine, and
   Felipe Balderas, seven, all died in the horrific incident
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   New Year's honoursOutrage as last Dambuster ignored in New Year's
   honours but Cameron's cronies rewarded
   George 'Johnny' Johnson, 94, ignored while Tory donors given accolades
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   DietEnglish children eat half their sugar allowance at breakfast
   because of sweet-ladened cereals
   Sugary cereals, fruit juice and some spreads are to blame, according to
   Public Health England
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   RailwaysUK rail fares take up 14 of our pay.. in France it’s just two
   per cent
   Fares  here have gone up over 50 in the last ten years while earnings
   have only gone up 24
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   Car crashesMum's warning after horror car smash on icy road left her
   choking on seatbelt in flipped vehicle
   Hazel Edgar was travelling between Ballymena and Antrim in Northern
   Ireland when another car lost control and smashed into her Dacia Duster
   jeep
   [Travelodge.jpg]
   TerrorismIstanbul nightclub shooting suspect smirks in sinister video
   selfie before 39 killed in ISIS massacre
   The suspect stares into the lens as he films himself in a busy shopping
   street in Istanbul before an ISIS killer massacred dozens on New Year's
   Eve

      News
      Politics
      Football
      Sport
      Celebs
      TV  Film
      Weird News
      Quizzes
      Technology
      Money
      Travel
      Fashion
      Mums
      Motoring

Follow us

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      BuySell
      Find a job
      Find a home
      Find a new home
      Find a local business
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Follow Us
      Sell Your Story
      How to Complain
      Corrections  Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Privacy Statement
      Cookie Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror
      Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror
      Irish Mirror
      © 2016 MGN Limited
     

   This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with
   this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie
   choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

   one pixel graphics
<file=19>
   [p?c1=2c2=20564932cv=2.0cj=1] The Nation » Feed The Nation »
   Comments Feed The Nation » The Strangest Debate of the Weirdest
   Election Ever Comments Feed

   Ad Policy

   Skip to content
      Facebook
      Twitter
      Donate
      Log In

      Special Issue: The Obama Years
      Progressive Foreign Policy
      Donald Trump
      Climate Change
      Voting Rights

      The Nation The Nation
     
           Politics
           World
           Economy
           Culture
           Take Action
      Election 2016
    The Strangest Debate of the Weirdest Election Ever
     
           Current Issue
           Subscribe
           Search
     
           Facebook
           Twitter
           Email

   
   Toggle Menu

The Nation

   Log In
           Politics
           World
           Economy
           Culture
           Take Action

      Subscribe
      Current Issue
     
      Donate
      Log In

   Facebook Twitter
   
   If you are a current Subscriber and are unable to log in, you may have
   to create a NEW username and password. To do so, click here and use the
   “NEW USER” sign-up option.

Log In

    Email 
    Password 
   []
   Remember Me
   Forgot Your Password?
   (Submit) Log In loader
   If you are not a Subscriber, Subscribe Now!
   Back to site
      Election 2016
      Election debates

The Strangest Debate of the Weirdest Election Ever

It wasn’t much of a surprise when the candidates skipped the customary
handshake at the beginning.

By D.D. GuttenplanTwitter

October 10, 2016

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Email
      Print

   Hillary Clinton,Donald Trump

   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, left, and Republican
   presidential nominee Donald Trump arrive before the second presidential
   debate at Washington University in St. Louis, Sunday, Oct. 9, 2016.
   (Jim Bourg / Pool via AP)

   St. Louis— In this weirdest of all possible elections, we’ve now had
   our first quantum debate, for which the only fitting summary is:
   Anything that can happen will happen. One of the strangest things
   happened before the debate even started. Two hours before the broadcast
   began, Trump staged a surprise “debate preparation” event featuring
   three women who have long accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault, and
   one woman who was raped and whose rapist, represented by a very young
   Hillary Clinton over 40 years ago, was freed on a technicality. For
   those of us wondering whether, in response to the firestorm of
   criticism provoked by his language on the now infamous Access Hollywood
   recording, Trump would “go there” in the second debate, the answer,
   delivered live on Trump’s Facebook page, was clear: Yes, he would.
   Ad Policy

   “Mr. Trump may have said some bad words, but Bill Clinton raped me and
   Hillary Clinton threatened me,” said Juanita Broaddrick, who like the
   other women spoke only very briefly at the event, but attended
   tonight’s debate as Trump’s guests.

   So it was not much of a surprise when neither candidate offered the
   customary handshake at the start of proceedings. Nor did it take long
   for the topics of Trump’s tape—and Bill Clinton’s own history as an
   alleged sexual predator—to surface in the debate itself. Though the
   first question from a member of the audience—“Do you feel you are
   modeling appropriate and positive behavior for today’s youth?”—gave
   both candidates enough room to avoid the obviously intended topic,
   which they did, Anderson Cooper soon made matters explicit: “You brag
   that you have sexually assaulted women. Do you understand that?”

   In response, Trump admitted “locker-room talk,” but denied ever
   actually assaulting women—and neither Clinton nor the moderators
   mentioned the pending lawsuit accusing him of rape. Trump then went on
   to claim that Bill Clinton repeatedly abused women, who were then
   smeared by his wife. To which Hillary Clinton replied by saying that
   Trump was “unfit to be president.”

   Yet that was far from the most bitter exchange of the night. On the
   very next question, when Clinton suggested that Trump needed to
   apologize not just for his crude language on the hot mic tape but also
   for “the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United
   States,” Trump began on familiar ground with his claim that the
   “birther” phenomenon originated with the Clinton campaign—only to
   swerve into a stunning threat regarding Clinton’s e-mails: “If I win, I
   am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to
   look into your situation.” And when Clinton responded, “It’s just
   awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not
   in charge of the law in our country,” Trump interrupted: “Because you’d
   be in jail.”

   Thanks to the town-hall format, though, there were also substantive
   exchanges: on health care, energy policy, and the Supreme Court. In
   each case Trump hewed to current Republican orthodoxy, promising to
   repeal Obamacare, loosen controls on oil companies (and also declaring,
   “Coal will last for a thousand years”), and repeating his pledge “to
   appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia.”

   But environmentalists will have been disappointed to hear Clinton
   repeating the fracking industry’s line that “producing a lot of natural
   gas…serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels.” And civil libertarians
   should be distressed that, instead of denouncing Trump’s demand that
   American Muslims prove their loyalty by acting as informants—“Muslims
   have to report the problems when they see them”—Clinton effectively
   echoed the suggestion: “We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes
   and ears on our front line.”

   There was even a moment of light relief, on Russia, with Trump first
   claiming, “I know nothing about Russia,” then immediately clarifying:
   “I know, I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner
   workings of Russia.”

   For me the strangest moment came at the end, when, in response to an
   audience question challenging each candidate to “name one positive
   thing” about the other, Clinton praised Trump’s children—and then
   Trump, sounding for all the world like a Clinton campaign ad, called
   her “a fighter” who “doesn’t quit.” At which point the two candidates
   shook hands. Perhaps next time they’ll sing a duet.
   9 Comments
      Facebook
      Twitter
      Email
      Print

   D.D. Guttenplan Twitter D.D. Guttenplan is The Nation's
   Editor-at-Large.

   To submit a correction for our consideration, click here.

   For Reprints and Permissions, click here.

Leave a Comment Cancel reply

   In order to comment, you must be logged in as a paid subscriber. Click
   here to log in or subscribe.
   Sort comments By:
   [Chronological Order]
    1. Donald Heaney says:
       October 11, 2016 at 7:42 am
       The major problem with the "debates" is the moderator.
       May recommend Jerry Springer!
       upimg (0) downimg (1)
    2. Charles Jacoby says:
       October 11, 2016 at 1:26 am
       It took only about 10 minutes to log in here. Please, editors, can
       we get this log in thing fixed, once and for all?
       It was an old The Nation. columnist, the late Christopher Hitchens.
       who called Bill Clinton a serial rapist, which whether accurate or
       not has nothing to do with Hillary, and perhaps a whole lot to do
       with Trump, whoʼs character reveals to me a like serial rapist. I
       donʼt for a second believe Trump regards women as equal to men. I
       suspect the man suffers serious penis envy, (pardon Dr. Freud) but
       far more likely in men than in women.
       Again, Trump appeals to the worst in men and in a whole lot of
       women too, evidently. And I never thought Iʼd find myself defending
       Hillary. But this is beyond the pale. Trump is a very acute
       neurotic in need of psychological help. Iʼm thinking too of his
       rows with Rosie OʼDonnell, during which Trump was more often than
       not grossly out of line. Indeed, the term, "gross," most clearly
       characterizes him. That along with, "indecent" and "hateful."
       I picture in my mind the world looking in on this contest and
       thinking, "just how silly has the US become, and they think our own
       candidates are but thugs and dictators, etc., etc."
       These are our models of leadership? As I have long suspected, the
       concept, "leadership," is one of those abstractions born of
       ideology. Give me anarchism every time.
       upimg (4) downimg (1)
    3. David Quigley says:
       October 10, 2016 at 4:59 pm
       Iʼd like us to stop worrying about Trump getting elected. He is a
       fascist fascist sociopath yes. His election would signal the end of
       America as a free country. But I saw Hillary steal the primary
       election from Bernie in California. If she can do it once. She can
       be trusted to steal it twice: my friends: purged from the roles.
       Their votes: switched to Hillary by the machines. Iʼll be voting
       for the only non criminal. Jill Stein. But Iʼm sure Hillary will
       steal it. So be not afraid that my vote will elect Trump!!
       upimg (3) downimg (6)

    1. Denise Lindsly says:
       October 10, 2016 at 5:47 pm
       Hillary did NOT steal CA
       She won more votes by a huge margin
       Vote for Stein?
       She canʼt get over 1 nationwide and she, like Drumpfʼs Gen Mike
       Flynn, went to Moscow to celebrate Putinʼs Russia Today
       Google it; she was online with her praise
       upimg (3) downimg (2)

     Michael B Wisper says:
   October 10, 2016 at 4:43 pm

   Iʼm having to read op-eds and commentaries about the "debate" because,
   frankly, I couldnʼt bear to watch yet another reminder of what a sorry
   state our countryʼs gone into. I find it hard and frightening that
   these are the only two people we have to choose from as the leader of
   our Government...a foul-mouthed, uncontrollable man-child and a
   compulsive liar are not what I ever dreamed a presidential race would
   denigrate to, yet somehow this has actually happened, with our nationʼs
   citizenry and a lazy media complicit in this "choice". Itʼs beyond
   disgusting, and all over the world people must be either laughing
   uncontrollably or scared to death that one of these two psychotics will
   in fact be the leader or America! This is a blot not only on our
   country but on us as a people that weʼve allowed this to happen.
   upimg (15) downimg (2)

     Phil Johnson says:
   October 10, 2016 at 1:58 pm

   Forget the content; most of it was either boring or outlandish. I gave
   both candidates a D.
   Actually, I canʼt stand it any more. Last nightʼs yclept "debate" was a
   barely above the waterline Hollywood escapade. Who gives a ratʼs ss
   about stuff that happened 20 years ago? So, if it is relevant, letʼs
   have more of the Orange Cheshire Cat who loves to use a feline term in
   describing what he does to women.
   Oh, thatʼs right. That garbage got out of its cage last Friday. I am
   still fighting the nausea that came over me from THAT detritus.
   We all have to get a grip. This countryʼs in serious trouble, and the
   main reason, in my humble opinion, is that we all have lost our way.
   And that happened because we refused to follow directions that were
   written down for us 2,000 (and more) years ago.
   I fear for our country, because we are substituting foolʼs gold, like
   the Israelites did so many times from Mosesʼ time, for the Creator who
   loves us and wants us to come back to Him. In each personʼs own way. If
   we donʼt, the prospects look dark, indeed.
   just my 2c. I understand this is not a popular theme, but it needs to
   be out there.
   pj
   upimg (6) downimg (17)



   Elaine Bolynn says:
   October 10, 2016 at 5:11 am

   Why was this article so badly edited and proofread? As usual, the
   Nationʼs perspective on the candidates is quirky and idiosyncratic. Do
   you ever see any issue from an ordinary, middle-America view point?
   upimg (11) downimg (9)

    1. Reginald V Wedge says:
       October 10, 2016 at 2:20 pm
       Right on, Elaine! A large part of the problem is that
       instantaneous, hi-tek, computer "journalism" has dumbed down the
       process of publishing rational, considered, well-thought and
       well-written commentary and observation. Newspeople have always had
       to get a story in on or before deadline, but in the hi-tek computer
       age, there is no time for a journalist to write coherently about
       any issue in a considered manner. Blank, white screens have to be
       filled in the wee hours of Zero Dark Thirty so that weary risers
       can be assaulted by some kind of "news" when they turn on their
       computers. Once again hi-tek has undermined crucial fibers of the
       woven network of society. No one is given time to think, to digest,
       to reflect, to contemplate, and/or to write in a reasoned rational
       manner. This is not just an issue that affects "ordinary,
       middle-America." It affects ALL of America. Hi-tek and BIG MEDIA
       are the ones who are rigging and stealing this election from WE THE
       PEOPLE. The Nation, The New York Times, The Washington Post, The
       New Yorker, and all of their ilk have become the "new dictators" in
       The United States. They are no longer the "good guys" employing the
       likes of Ben Bradlee, Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. Media moguls
       are now just the string pullers behind the curtains.
       upimg (8) downimg (3)

    1. Phil Johnson says:
       October 10, 2016 at 2:25 pm
       Well-stated. I would not want to be an employee of Big Media.
       Especially now. Where is Morley Safer and his kind., when we need
       him?
       upimg (5) downimg (1)

      Election 2016
      Election debates

      Dec 30, 2016
    A Resolution for 2017: Keep Reminding Trump That He Has No Mandate By
       John Nichols
      Dec 24, 2016
    Charles Dickens and the Ghosts of Christmas Present By John Nichols

      Nov 09, 2016
    The GOP’s Attack on Voting Rights Was the Most Under-Covered Story of
       2016 By Ari Berman
      Nov 03, 2016
    No Matter Who Loses the Election, the Winner Will Be the National
       Security State By Tom Engelhardt

   “AN INDISPENSABLE VOICE IN OUR POLITICAL DIALOGUE.” —ELIZABETH WARREN
   Subscribe to The Nation

   Ad Policy

   [infiloader.gif]

The Nation

Follow The Nation

     
     
     

Get Email Updates

   Stay connected with everything Nation by signing up for our free daily
   newsletter.
    [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)

Sections

      Politics
      World
      Economy
      Culture
      Society
      Environment
      Take Action

The Nation

      About
      Advertise
      eBooks
      Comments Policy
      Contact Us
      Help
      Jobs and Internships
      Nation Builders
      Nation Travels
      Student Writing Contest

Magazine

      Current Issue
      Masthead
      Archive
      Donate
      Subscribe
      Subscription Services
      Events
      Reprints

   Copyright (c) 2017 The Nation Company LLC
<file=20>
   iTech Post RSS Feeds

   iTechPost
      Home
      Tech
      Reviews
      Science
      Games

     
     
     
     

   [closesearch.png]
    SUBMIT

      Home

      Tech
           Apps
           Apple
           Samsung
           Google
           Mobile
           Wearables
           Business
           Smart Home
           Social Network

      Reviews
           Phones
           Laptops
           Tablets
           Cameras

      Features
           Healthy Living/Wellness
           Medicine
           Biotech

      Science
           Space
           Robots
           Environment
           Energy
           Living Planet

      Entertainment
           Film
           TV
           Music

      Culture

      Games

Games

Why Pokemon Sun And Moon Has More Outrageous Creature Designs Compared To
Previous Pokemon Titles

   By Chaps , Oct 27, 2016 04:50 AM EDT
   [why-pokemon-sun-and-moon-has-more-outrageous-creature-designs-compared
   -to-previous-pokemon-titles.jpg]
   We have to admit, Exeggutor Alolan form is quite hilarious. But why the
   weirdly cute designs for Pokemon Sun and Moon? (Photo : The Official
   Pokémon Channel/YouTube)

   One thing about Pokemon games that made them so popular with players of
   all ages are the weirdly cute Pokemon themselves! Imagine Dragonite
   looking like the usual dragons portrayed in fairy tales, it would look
   scarier and not something you'd want to capture, or even encounter in
   the wild. Or would you have thought of Bulbasaur carrying something
   different on its back? The bulb actually made him more different in a
   cute way (mind the countless times we are going to hear "cute" today).
   Then, of course, these are the Pokemon we have grown to love and with
   the upcoming 3DS game, Pokemon Sun and Moon, expect to see a few more
   adorably designed Pokemon.

   Pokemon Sun and Moon's Exeggutor

   Pokemon fans can barely hold their laughs in whenever they see
   Exeggutor. We have to admit, it definitely has one of the silliest
   Pokemon designs with a bunch of eggs in its first form. Then it turns
   into a tree trunk that resembles a coconut tree. However, the Pokemon
   Sun and Moon's version of the Exeggutor is even weirdly hilarious.

   Pokemon Sun and Moon Exeggutor grows over five times taller in the
   Alolan region due to the abundance of sunlight. With its thinner and
   longer neck (and multiple funny-looking heads), it now resembles a palm
   tree.

   Pokemon Sun and Moon director, Shigeru Ohmori, explained to Kotaku on
   the basis of their crazy Pokemon designs, "When the designers first
   came up with the idea, the background is that the sun in Alola is so
   strong, that [Exeggutor] just keeps growing and growing. For the 20th
   anniversary, we wanted to have a lot of special surprises...we wanted a
   funny element. At the same time, we had to find a balance of cool ones,
   serious ones. We looked at the Alola region as a whole and thought
   about that ecosystem."

   How did fans react with Alolan Exeggutor's design?

   According to Kotaku, Pokemon Sun and Moon's Exeggutor Alolan version is
   a big hit and they are either loving the new design or they are simply
   making fun of it. Either way, it's still good media for the upcoming
   RPG game.

   Pokemon Professor Shirtless

   When asked why Kukui, the newest Pokemon professor is shirtless when
   he's a man of science, Pokemon Sun and Moon producer, Junichi Masuda
   (yes, the man behind the Masuda Method), simply answered, "It's the
   temperature." Makes sense.

   Pokemon Sun and Moon is set for a Nov. 18 release. Get your Nintendo
   3DS ready!

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/3AZHowhxM0U

   TAG Pokemon Sun And Moon, Pokemon Sun  Moon, Exeggutor, Alolan, Alolan
   Exeggutor, Exeggutor Alolan, Pokemon Sun and Moon Update, Pokemon Sun
   and Moon designs, Pokemon Sun and Moon alolan, Masuda method

Related Articles

   Pokemon Sun and Moon is said to incorporate the ever famous Masuda
   Method. But what does this method entail for players?

Pokemon Sun And Moon News: Masuda Method Will Still Be In The Game

   Pokemon Sun and Moon is said to incorporate the ever famous Masuda
   Method. But what does this method entail for players?
   Pokemon Sun and Moon only has a month to go for release and more and
   more juicy details are being leaked! But how will you feel if mega
   evolution in the upcoming 3DS game will be scratch out?

Pokemon Sun  Moon Update: Upcoming Nintendo 3DS Game To Veer Away From Mega
Evolution

   Pokemon Sun and Moon only has a month to go for release and more and
   more juicy details are being leaked! But how will you feel if mega
   evolution in the upcoming 3DS game will be scratch out?
   Pokemon Go update could somehow bring in the second generation Pokemon
   but will these include the rare, shiny Pokemon, too? A technique has
   been unveiled on how to get a Red Gyarados.

Pokemon Go Update: Proving The Existence Of The Red Gyarados, A Shiny Pokemon

   Pokemon Go update could somehow bring in the second generation Pokemon
   but will these include the rare, shiny Pokemon, too? A technique has
   been unveiled on how to get a Red Gyarados.

Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter

   Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
    [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)
   © 2016 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without
   permission..

MORE IN ITECHPOST

   TECH

The Most Incredible Apps You Can Use With The Surface Pen

   The Surface Pen is one of the most incredible tools that you can use
   with the Surface tablet, given the fact that it would facilitate almost
   every single task you´re making with it.

   SCIENCE

New Florida Laws Impose Restrictions On Cough Medicine Purchase

   With these two laws beginning to take effect this week, legislators
   hope to curb the incidence of deaths from drug abuse overdose. The new
   Florida laws will hopefully be effective at dampening the worsening
   drug epidemic that plaques the state.

   GAMES

Pokemon GO Update: Latest Patch Arrives; No Holiday Event Addition?

   Pokemon GO will be updated to fix the bugs in the game. However, there
   are rumors that there will be no holiday event, how will this affect
   the game?

TRENDING NEWS

   Square Enix CEO Talks About What To Expect In 2017

Square Enix CEO Talks About What To Expect In 2017

   Mazda 3 2017 Gets More Than Just A Facelift

Mazda 3 2017 Gets More Than Just A Facelift

   HTC Vive 2 Will Not Be Unveiled At CES 2017

HTC Vive 2 Will Not Be Unveiled At CES 2017

   2018 Honda CR-V Spied: Here’s What The Next Model Brings

2018 Honda CR-V Spied: Here’s What The Next Model Brings

   No Man's Sky Update: What Improvements We Might See Next

No Man's Sky Update: What Improvements We Might See Next

MUST READ

   Prey' PC Version Release Will Not Face Issues, Says Arkane Studios

'Prey' PC Version Release Will Not Face Issues, Says Arkane Studios<

   Russian hackers

Did Russia Hack US Power Grid?

   Disney Parks Christmas TV Special Pre-Taping

Tyrus Wong Dies At 106: How To Live Long And Healthy

   How Nintendo Stole From Itself And Became Successful

How Nintendo Stole From Itself And Became Successful

TOP GAMES

   ITECH POST
      Home Tech ReviewsScience Games
      About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms of Service
     

   Copyright © 2016 IQADNET LLC All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole
   or in part without permission is prohibited.

   Real Time Analytics

   Clicky

   counter

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2c2=14401431cv=2.0cj=1]
   [ssl-scienceworldreport-com-4a4da2.c-col.com]
<file=21>
    publisher

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5F22G6

   U.S.
   Editions
      Australia Edition
      China Edition
      India Edition
      Italy Edition
      Japan Edition
      Singapore Edition
      United Kingdom
      United States

   Jan 03, 3:11 AM EST
   Subscribe
   Everything You Need To Know, Right Now.

Everything You Need To Know, Right Now.

   The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories
   unfolding in the global economy.
    Subscribe
   Please enter a valid email
   Search 
   Submit
   Search 
   Submit
      Business
      Technology
      World
      National
      Media  Culture
      Millennial Money
      Entertainment
      Sports

   Subscribe

   Technology

Spotify Makes Billboards To Highlight Strange Listening Habits Of Users

   By AJ Dellinger On 11/29/16 AT 6:18 PM
     
     
     
     
     
     
     

   Close

   We all have our guilty pleasures, but those usually stay private.
   Spotify is currently putting the strangest listening habits of its
   users on blast with billboards placed in major cities in the United
   States, United Kingdom, France and Germany, reports Mashable.

   The campaign illuminates the playlists of Spotify users who were
   clearly going through some stuff, like one listener who played the song
   “Sorry” by Justin Bieber 42 times on Valentine’s Day. “What did you
   do?” Spotify asks on the billboard.

   Spotify NYC Billboard Spotify NYC Billboard Photo: Spotify

   Spotify also put up an ad highlighting a resident of New York’s Theater
   District who listened to the soundtrack of “Hamilton” 5,376 times over
   the course of 2016—though if you lived so close to the Richard Rogers
   Theatre and still couldn’t get tickets to “Hamilton,” you might go a
   little crazy, too.

   Spotify Billboard UK Spotify Billboard UK Photo: Spotify

   Among the other outings that Spotify has put up on its billboards: a
   person who started getting into the winter holiday spirit in June and
   the nearly 4,000 Brits who played “It’s the End of the World As We Know
   It” by R.E.M. on the day of the Brexit vote.

   Spotify Billboards Spotify Billboards Photo: Spotify

   The ads are surely just a small sampling of the habits users exhibited
   over the course of 2016, and Spotify is no stranger to oddities taking
   place on its platform. The company’s internal music intelligence team
   has previously highlighted 1,369 musical genres that got weirdly
   specific.

   Included in the mix assembled by the team’s music experts were genres
   like aussietronica (electronica from Australia), spytrack (music that
   sounds like what you’d expect to hear in a spy movie), and wrestling
   (music by and featuring wrestling stars).
   Related Stories
      Choosing The Right Music Streaming Service
      Spotify Has A New Feature That's The Opposite Of Discover Weekly

   None of those genres, nor the questionable streaming choices of users,
   quite top some of the other strange happenings that have taken place on
   Spotify.

   Take for example the Ann Arbor, Mich. based band Vulfpeck. The group
   uploaded an album comprised entirely of silent tracks and encouraged
   its fans to stream it endlessly at night. The stunt racked up $20,000
   in royalties from the record.

   New York-based band Ohm and Sport came up with their own way to earn a
   little extra cash from Spotify plays by building an app that
   continually plays 30 second clips from an artist’s back catalogue—the
   minimum amount of time for a listen to count as one Spotify has to pay
   the rights holder for.

   It’s probably safe to say none of these types of schemes were behind
   the listening habits that made it on Spotify’s billboards—Justin Bieber
   and the cast of “Hamilton” are probably generating enough listens on
   their own, after all. But it’s still interesting to see the company dig
   into the extensive data it tracks and having a little fun with it.
   Join the Discussion

      Most Read

Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology.

   The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories
   unfolding in technology.
    Subscribe
   Please enter a valid email

   Business
      Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon
       The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of
       its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of
       January.
     

   Technology
      New Features Rumored On Samsung Galaxy Note 8
       Samsung might endow its upcoming flagship device with high-end
       features including a foldable display with 4K screen resolution, a
       30-megapixel camera and advanced AI.
     

   World
      Finland, Scotland Experiment With Universal Basic Income
       Apart from poverty and unemployment, reports about the disruptive
       impact of automation are also encouraging the idea of Universal
       Basic Income.
     

   National
      NASA Has A Big Year Ahead Of It
       The space administration is set to launch a couple new programs and
       could rely increasingly on private partnerships.
     

   [p?c1=2c2=7922264cv=2.0cj=1]

     
     
     
     
     

   © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.

IBT

      About Us
      Advertise with Us
      Media Kit
      Terms of Service
      Privacy Policy

Editions

      Australia
      China
      India
      Italy
      Japan
      Singapore
      United Kingdom
      United States
<file=22>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Travel
    2. Skiing

The world's weirdest ski slopes, from a power plant in Copenhagen to a Hawaiian
                                    mountain

   As Copenhagen prepares to open a ski slope on the roof of a power plant
   next year, we bring you the most unusual places to find powder

      Clare Vooght
      Friday 18 November 2016 14:00 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentTravel2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Travel

   copenhagen-power-plant-skiing.jpg The new Copenhagen power plant will
   have ski runs on its roof Bjarke Ingels Group (BIG architects)

   Everyone knows there's good snow at big ski areas like Whistler and the
   Swiss Alps. But did you know it'll soon be possible to ski down a power
   plant in Copenhagen, or even in hotspot Hawaii? Here are the slopes
   that will give you bonus social media show-off points.

   On a power plant in Copenhagen, Denmark

   In a move that makes total sense for the country we have to thank for
   ace ideas like Lego, innovative Danish architects Bjarke Ingels Group
   are making the concept of a power plant a lot more fun. A 440-metre
   slope – due to open next year on the slanted roof of what will be the
   world's greenest power plant, designed to turn waste into energy – will
   cater for skiers at four different levels, and includes a 45 180-metre
   black run. You'll reach the slopes via a lift on the inside of the
   plant, and it should be well worth having a nosey while you're there –
   the plant has been designed to burn 400,000 tons of waste every year,
   converting it into enough clean energy to power 60,000 homes. (big.dk)

   On lava in Mount Etna, Sicily

   Skiing on an active volcano in winter is daring enough, but tackling
   Mount Etna's slopes in summer gives a whole new meaning to the term
   "black run". There isn't much snow in the warmer season, so
   thrillseeking skiers whoosh down charcoal-coloured solidified lava
   that's been left over from past eruptions instead. We should probably
   add that Etna still erupts 1.7 times a year on average.
   (sicilytravel.net)
   handout.jpg
   Visitors will take a lift to the top of a power plant in Copenhagen and
   then ski back down (Bjarke Ingels Group)

   On a tropical island, Hawaii

   More traditionally known for beaches, surfing and, er, a love of Spam,
   Hawaii gets top marks for being the most unlikely place to take a pair
   of skis. Mauna Kea, a dormant volcano, gets decent enough snowfall in
   January and February for skiing. There are no resort facilities or
   lifts, so you have to make your way up in a 4x4. But where else can you
   be gunning down the powder towards après-ski sundowners on a tropical
   beach? (hawaiiinfoguide.com)
   [nordic-skiing-main.jpg]
      Read more

A Scandi-trend too far? After hygge, now skiing with a baby

   In sub-Saharan Africa, Lesotho

   Yes, you can ski in sub-Saharan Africa – in Lesotho, a land-locked
   country enveloped by South Africa. It's perfect for skiing,
   altitude-wise: the entirety of this mountain kingdom lies above
   1,000km. Its resort Afri-Ski is 3,322km up in the spectacular Maluti
   Mountains, which get snow from June to August. The less skilled can
   even go "bum boarding". How about planning a safari-ski combo trip?
   There aren't many places you can do that. (afriski.net)
   lesotho-ski.jpg
   Skiing in Lesotho, Africa (Bergenseren/ Flickr)

   In the middle of the Dubai desert, UAE

   Much more glam than the fake slopes in Milton Keynes, Ski Dubai is home
   to both baby slopes and the world's first indoor black diamond run, all
   part of 22,500 square metres of faux-piste. The temperature is turned
   way down – to -4 degrees celsius – creating the perfect environment for
   drinking your hot chocolate, and there is colony of real penguins here,
   too. And when it's all over you can thaw out again in 40 degrees
   celsius outside. (skidxb.com)

   Click here to view our latest travel offers with Independent Holidays
      More about:
      Ski
      Snow
      Copenhagen
      Travel
      Lesotho
      Africa
      Italy
      Sicily

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=23>
    alternate alternate

   2

   Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off

   Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post

   Turn on desktop notifications?
   Yes Not now

   It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update
   your browser permissions to allow them.
   [notificationdeniedv1.png]
   The Washington Post
      
      Sections
     

      Sign In
      Username
      Subscribe

    (Submit)
      Accessibility for screenreader
      Home Page
       U.S.  World | Regional
      Politics
           PowerPost
           The Fix
           White House
           Courts and Law
           Polling
           Monkey Cage
           Fact Checker
           Post Politics Blog
      Opinions
           The Post's View
           Toles Cartoons
           Telnaes Animations
           Local Opinions
           Global Opinions
           Letters to the Editor
           Act Four
           All Opinions Are Local
           Book Party
           Compost
           Erik Wemple
           Five Myths
           In Theory
           The Plum Line
           PostEverything
           PostPartisan
           Rampage
           Right Turn
           The Watch
           Volokh Conspiracy
           The Missing Debate
      Sports
           Redskins
           NFL
           MLB
           NBA
           NHL
           AllMetSports
           Soccer
           Boxing/MMA
           College Sports
           College Football
           College Basketball
           D.C. Sports Bog
           Early Lead
           Fancy Stats
           Golf
           Tennis
           Fantasy Sports
      Local
           D.C.
           Maryland
           Virginia
           Public Safety
           Education
           Obituaries
           Transportation
           Weather
      National
           Acts of Faith
           Health and Science
           National Security
           Investigations
           Morning Mix
           Post Nation
           True Crime
           Obituaries
      World
           Africa
           The Americas
           Asia and Pacific
           Europe
           Middle East
           National Security
           WorldViews
           Checkpoint
      Business
           Wonkblog
           On Leadership
           Personal Finance
           Digger
           Energy and Environment
           Markets
           On Small Business
           World Business
           Capital Business
      Tech
           Innovations
           The Switch
      Lifestyle
           Arts and Entertainment
           Advice
           Carolyn Hax
           Food
           Travel
           Wellness
           Magazine
           Home and Garden
           Inspired Life
           Fashion
           KidsPost
           On Parenting
           Reliable Source
           The Intersect
           Solo-ish
      Entertainment
           Books
           Comics
           Comic Riffs
           Going Out Guide
           Horoscopes
           Movies
           Museums
           Music
           Puzzles and Games
           Theater and Dance
           TV
           Restaurants
           Bars  Clubs
      Crosswords
      Video
           World
           Top News
           Entertainment
           Local
           Popular Video
           Politics
           Live
           Sports
           Opinions
           National
           Business
           Technology
           Style
      Photography
           In Sight
      Washington Post Live
           Events
      Live Chats
      Real Estate
           Rentals
           Where We Live
           Recently Sold Homes
      Cars
      Jobs
      Classifieds
      Partners
           Express
           Parade
      WP BrandStudio

      washingtonpost.com
      1996-2017 The Washington Post
      Terms of Service
      Privacy Policy
      Submissions and Discussion Policy
      RSS Terms of Service
      Ad Choices

   The Washington Post
   Share on Facebook
   Share on Twitter
   Share on Google Plus
   Share via Email
   Share on LinkedIn
   Share on Pinterest
   Share on Tumblr
   Resize Text
   Print Article
   Comments

   The inside track on Washington politics.
   Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to
   follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.
   You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is
   published.
   You’re all set!
    Sign up

   Invalid email address
   Got it
   Got it
   The Fix

Hillary Clinton’s 84 proposed campaign slogans, ranked

   The inside track on Washington politics.
   Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to
   follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.
   You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is
   published.
   You’re all set!
    Sign up

   Invalid email address
   Got it
   Got it
   By Philip Bump October 19, 2016 Follow @pbump
   [2016-09-08T140846Z01BKS01RTRIDSP3USA-ELECTION-CLINTON.jpgamp;w=4
   80]
   Hillary Clinton holds a news conference in front of her campaign plane
   in White Plains, New York, on Sept. 8. (Brian Snyder/Reuters)

   Buried in the emails stolen from the account of John Podesta, chairman
   of Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign, is a list of 84 proposed
   “principles/slogans." (The FreeBeacon's Lachlan Markay, who dug it up,
   graciously counted the total as 85 because it includes “It's your time”
   twice.)

   The list is very Hillary-Clinton-y: exhaustive, often corny and subject
   to group debate. There are a few broad categories, including “Fighter,”
   “Future/Forward,” “Fairness/Families” and “Basic Bargain/Making America
   Work.” The slogans are often riffs on those categories, and they are
   often very bad. (Donald Trump's slogan, “Make America Great Again,” is
   also very Trump-y. He settled on it right after Mitt Romney lost in
   2012 and then quickly trademarked it.)

   As a public service, I wasted a few minutes ranking the proposals from
   most to least terrible. The actual choice, “Stronger Together,” ended
   up at 11th on my list, which really isn't that shabby. I assure you
   that I was not a member of the focus group that weeded through the
   final options. Where appropriate, I have added comments about why the
   slogan earned the ranking I gave it. Those are provided in italics.

   84. Rise Up. You know who says “rise up”? Robots and Chilean freedom
   fighters. Who does Clinton want America to rise up against? The moneyed
   elites in Washington? Probably not. (It has been brought to my
   attention that this maybe has something to do with the play “Hamilton,”
   so I'm glad it's in dead last.)

   83. Because your time is now. Why not just, “You will soon die; vote
   Clinton”?

   82. It's about time — and it's about you. There's nothing less about me
   than someone else running for president.

   81. Keep moving. The TSA plans to use this for when it runs for
   president.

   80. It's about you. See 82.

   79. A fair chance to get ahead.

   78. Secure the Future. I believe this is the tagline to a Shailene
   Woodley movie.

   77. Next begins with you. No, it begins with N.

   76. You've earned a fair chance.

   75. Move ahead. I like to reinforce that America is basically a
   320-million-person line at a deli counter.

   74. You've earned a fair shot.

   73. Putting America to work for you.

   72. A fair fight for families.

   71. Progress for people. What about ponies?

   70. America gets strong when you get ahead. This seems like it could be
   subject to some awkwardness.

   69. Your family is her fight.

   68. Time for a better bargain. Head to aisle 8 to learn more.

   67. Stronger at home. And then everyone thinks, “weaker abroad.”

   66. Your family. Her fight. I'd recommend that candidates avoid the
   suggestion that they'd like to beat up my family.

   65. A fair chance for families.

   64. Fairness worth the fight.

   63. A stronger America for a new day. This is two slogans,
   Frankensteined.

   62. Your future is her fight. Fight doesn't work in these! But . . .

   61. Your future. Her fight . . . this is a better way to formulate it.

   60. Putting Fairness First.

   59. A promise you can count on.

   58. Fighting for Fairness. Fighting for you.

   57. Fairness First.

   56. American strength from American families. Another bit of advice:
   Try to avoid Soylent Green/Snowpiercer implications in a campaign
   slogan.

   55. Hillary — For Fairness. For Families. Why this one in particular
   mandated the inclusion of Clinton's name is a mystery lost to the ages.

   54. The ideas we need and the strength to deliver.

   53. A better bargain for a better tomorrow.

   52. A new promise for a new time.

   51. Fairness for all our families.

   50. Together we're strong. This is a good example of how slight
   rewordings can make an idea much better or much stupider.

   48 (tie). Building a fairer future today.

   48 (tie). Building a fairer future. Why are these separate? Was there a
   lengthy debate over whether to include “today”?

   47. It's your turn. This is what Clinton said to Barack Obama in June
   2008, if I remember correctly.

   46. Go further.

   45. Our Families, Our Future.

   44. It's your time.

   43. Don't turn back. Good for Halloween.

   42. A new bargain we can count on.

   41. Strength for all our families.

   40. A fair shot and a fair deal. And a chicken in every pot and peace
   and prosperity and I like Ike.

   39. Your future. Your terms. This sounds like the middle of a Verizon
   ad.

   38. A stronger America one family at a time. Starting with . . . [pulls
   card from hat] . . . the Clintons! Neat!

   37. Renewing our basic bargain.

   36. Getting ahead together.

   35. Progress for the rest of us. This one is pretty close, but the “us”
   serves as a reminder that the Clintons are worth hundreds of millions
   of dollars. It evokes Clinton walking up to give her first State of the
   Union address and proposing a “give speeches to big businesses” jobs
   program.

   34. For an America that leads.

   33. Unleash opportunity. This is from a BMW ad, I think.

   32. Move up. Better than “move forward.”

   From this point on, they're a bit better.

   31. A fighting chance for families.

   30. She's got your back.

   29. Progress for all.

   28. New Solutions Real Results. The lack of a comma is intriguing.

   27. Get ahead. Stay ahead.

   26. Lifting us up. Moving us forward.

   25. Strength and fairness. This one does seem as if it's from the
   “Hunger Games.” Though that vibe is sort of hard to avoid, I guess.

   24. A stronger America working for you.

   23. Real Fairness; Real Solutions.

   22. For your family. For America's future.

   21. Building a better tomorrow.

   20. Making America work. Together.

   19. Families first.

   18. A better bargain. For all. This would have echoed Trump in a weird
   way, which I like.

   17. America's strength. America's promise.

   16. Building tomorrow's America.

   15. It's about you. It's about time.

   14. Strength you can count on.

   13. An America built for you.

   12. Moving Ahead. Together.

   11. Stronger together. The winner!

   10. A future worth fighting for.

   9. A new bargain for a stronger America

   8. A force for families. Good Lucasfilm tie-in opportunity.

   7. Own the future.

   6. An America that works for you.

   5. Climb higher. This is weirdly so much better than “Move forward,”
   etc. Maybe because it combines effort with upward progress? It's a good
   example of the nuance that goes into this nonsense.

   4. Renewing America's promise.

   3. Making America work for you.

   2. A stronger tomorrow. “Tomorrow” versus “together” is probably a
   subjective call, but I like the future-looking version better than the
   “we are friends” version.

   And the winner:

   1. No Quit. This is so jarringly weird that it was really the only good
   choice. Clinton-Kaine: NO QUIT.

   Imagine standing in a suburb outside Columbus, Ohio, and looking up to
   see Clinton's campaign plane pass overhead. NO QUIT, it shouts at you,
   with all of the grace and effect of Tony Montana spotting the blimp in
   “Scarface.” How could you quit after that? And how could you not vote
   for the person who embodies that principle?
   make

   It's perfect.

   This slogan is the only reason I wrote this article.

   politics

   the-fix

   Dallas shooting updates

   News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11.

   postnewsletter353

   follow-dallas

   false

   endOfArticle

   false

   Please provide a valid email address.
   
   (Submit) Sign up
   You’re all set!
   See all newsletters

   politics

   the-fix

   Orlando Shooting Updates

   News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.

   postnewsletter348

   follow-orlando

   true

   endOfArticle

   false

   Please provide a valid email address.
   
   (Submit) Sign up
   You’re all set!
   See all newsletters
   Comments
       Share on FacebookShare
        Share on TwitterTweet
      Share via Email

   [HeadshotBump.jpgamp;w=180amp;h=180]
   Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York
   City.
   Follow @pbump

Do you like game shows? Do you like politics? Whatever, you’ll LOVE The
Ciquizza anyway.

   Listen on iTunes.

   Listen on Stitcher.
   Show Comments
   Discussion Policy
   0 Comments

   SuperFan Badge

   SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about
   Washington area sports and teams.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Culture Connoisseur Badge

   Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely
   comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Fact Checker Badge

   Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact
   Checker.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Washingtologist Badge

   Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments
   on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Post Writer Badge

   This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.

   Post Forum Badge

   Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely
   comments on politics, national and international affairs.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Weather Watcher Badge

   Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments
   on climates and forecasts.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   World Watcher Badge

   World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on
   international affairs.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Post Contributor Badge

   This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors
   aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases,
   contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Post Recommended

   Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader
   post.

   You must be logged in to report a comment.
   Sign in here

   You must be logged in to recommend a comment.
   Sign in here

   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed
   in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies
   to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.

   All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
   More about badges
   Get a badge

   To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If
   paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that
   have come in.
   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed
   in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies
   to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
      Spam
      Offensive
      Disagree
      Off-Topic

   Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by
   users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by
   moderators.
     
           Facebook
           Twitter
           Reddit
           StumbleUpon
           Digg
           Delicious

                        Washington Post Subscriptions

    Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢.

                  A limited time offer for Apple Pay users.

   Buy with

   Cancel anytime

     $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply.
     By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products
                       Terms of Sale  Privacy Policy.

   Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢.

   Most Read
      1
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Claiming mandate, GOP Congress lays plans to propel sweeping
       conservative agenda
      2
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Joe Scarborough’s latest Twitter feud is just what the media
       doesn’t need
      3
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Trump questions quest for cybersecurity: ‘No computer is safe’
      4
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Priebus faces daunting task bringing order to White House that will
       feed off chaos
      5
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Here are the eight Trump Cabinet picks Democrats plan to target

   [Untitled.pngamp;w=480]
   Inside 'Trump Revealed'
   Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad,
   comprehensive biography of the life of the president-elect.
      Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and
       interview transcripts

   politics

   the-fix

   Success! Check your inbox for details.
    Add
   Sign me up

   Please enter a valid email address

   You might also like:
   []

   []

   []

   (Submit) Sign Up (Submit) No Thanks

   See all newsletters

      washingtonpost.com
      © 1996-2017 The Washington Post
     
      Help and Contact Us
      Terms of Service
      Privacy Policy
      Print Products Terms of Sale
      Digital Products Terms of Sale
      Submissions and Discussion Policy
      RSS Terms of Service
      Ad Choices

   Close video player
   Now Playing

   [p?c1=2c2=3005617cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=24>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › music

      games
      books
      art  design
      stage
      classical
      film
      tv  radio

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Music

The lost albums loved by the stars – from ecstatic gospel to Italian prog

   What’s your favourite underrated LP? We asked Sean Paul, Hot Chip,
   Jarvis Cocker, Chase  Status, Petula Clark and more to reveal the
   records you really must hear

   Dion Lisa Gerrard Laura Nyro Clark Sisters

   Never fade away … Dion, Lisa Gerrard, Laura Nyro and (main picture) the
   Clark Sisters. Composite: Ian Dickson/Ellen Wishart

   Paul Lester

   Thursday 27 October 2016 18.31 BST Last modified on Monday 31 October
   2016 12.12 GMT
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

Jarvis Cocker on …

   Bob Lind: The Elusive Bob Lind (Verve Folkways, 1966)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/9XH0mjCPH2g?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Bob Lind’s The Swan.

   I hesitate to recommend this record because I know that Bob Lind
   himself hates it and that it did a lot of harm to his career – but I
   love it, so here goes … This is the story as I understand it: Lind had
   a massive global hit with Elusive Butterfly in 1965. Someone crawled
   out of the woodwork and sold some acoustic demo recordings he had made
   a few years earlier as a teenager to Verve Records. Verve decided to
   add bass, drums and strings to the songs, which consisted of voice and
   acoustic guitar only, in order to make them sound more like the single
   he had in the charts. The whole affair reeks of the worst side of the
   exploitative music business of those days – and yet … somehow they made
   something beautiful. It’s like a weird, inverted form of sampling:
   instead of cutting and pasting the vocals and guitar over a steady
   rhythm track – as would happen today – Lind’s performances speed up,
   slow down, have irregular bar counts, and the bass and drums just have
   to follow him as best they can. So the songs end up with very
   modern-sounding, unusual structures. The dislocation between the
   various elements emphasises the loneliness in the songs. It has an
   absolutely unique atmosphere – the voice is swathed in a 50s-style
   reverb, the instrumentation and string arrangements are very mid-60s,
   but when they lock into a groove and trance out (like on What Colour
   Are You?) it could have been made last week. It’s not only my favourite
   Bob Lind album; it’s one of my favourite albums, full stop. Go figure.

Izzy Bizu on …

   Ala.Ni: You  I (No Format, 2016)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/k7PJxrNEvFc?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Ala.Ni’s Cherry Blossom.

   Ala.Ni is from London but lives in Paris and she has sung with Damon
   Albarn and Mary J Blige but I love her own music. It reminds me of old
   songs such as Dream a Little Dream of Me. I saw her playing in this
   bar, like some cool 1940s nightclub, and she started singing at really
   low volume, and it was so beautiful I fell in love with her. A few
   years later I was on the Eurostar and I saw her walking past and I was
   like: “Oh my God, it’s the girl from the bar!” So I said hi and told
   her I loved her music. Then I saw her again at a festival and she was
   incredible. The sounds she uses, the mic she uses, it’s really “old”
   and the way she sings is really conversational. She even uses her hands
   in a really elegant way. Listening to her is like having a big hug; you
   feel like you have had a massage.

Saul Milton of Chase  Status on …

   Angus  Julia Stone: Down The Way (Capitol, 2010)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/yFTvbcNhEgc?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Angus  Julia Stone’s Big Jet Plane.

   You would expect us to be constantly listening to drum’n’bass, the
   Prodigy, Biggie Smalls and bashment but we have a wide spectrum of
   music that we love. We were touring America in 2011 for our No More
   Idols tour and our frontman MC Rage put this on our tourbus and this
   incredible tune called Big Jet Plane came on. The beautiful music and
   combination of male and female voices really touched me. It became the
   soundtrack to the tour and since then I’ve followed their career and
   got all their records. Fans of folky funk with classic songwriting and
   modern production – Bon Iver fans, for example – will love it.

Sarah Cracknell of Saint Etienne on …

   Laura Nyro: Eli and the Thirteenth Confession (Columbia, 1968)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/N1CfSgsvqJE?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Laura Nyro’s Stoned Soul Picnic.

   She doesn’t have the recognition that she’s due. Other people, such as
   Barbra Streisand and the 5th Dimension, had hits with her songs: she
   was a bit of a Carole King. This was her second album – she was 20 at
   the time. She had so much passion in her songwriting, her voice and her
   arrangements. Very theatrical, in a way: she clearly influenced Kate
   Bush. I love the changes in tempo – these are songs of many parts. Her
   singing style was a mixture of jazz, gospel, soul and pop. But she had
   a real fear of performing live that stemmed from a disastrous
   appearance at the Monterey festival. She retreated from the limelight
   after that, although she carried on making records such as the cover
   versions album Gonna Take a Miracle, with Labelle, which is another
   brilliant album.

Tom Ogden of Blossoms on …

   Dion: Born To Be With You (Phil Spector Records, 1975)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/06Hcz-wPz44?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Dion’s In and Out of the Shadows.

   Phil Spector produced six of the tracks; I’m a big fan of his Wall of
   Sound. Spector was drinking a lot and quite fucked-up when he was
   making this record. Dion disowned it and he faded into obscurity. He
   described it as “funeral music”. I think it’s a great pop record: grand
   and epic. It’s got that Be My Baby sound, with a lot of the Wrecking
   Crew on. I love Only You Know and In and Out of the Shadows, which were
   both co-written by Spector and Gerry Goffin, who used to write with
   Carole King. It was actually James Skelly of the Coral, who produced
   our album, who put me on to it. Musicians love it, such as Bobby
   Gillespie and Pete Townshend. And Bruce Springsteen, who visited the
   studio during the recording of it. It’s got an uplifting melancholy to
   it, a euphoric heartbreak –an atmosphere I’m always trying to recreate.

Moby on …

   Simple Minds: Sons and Fascination/Sister Feelings Call (Virgin, 1981)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/GMIFZt2YvmE?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to see Simple Minds perfrom The American on The Tube.

   This album charted when it was released, but over time has slipped
   gently into quasi-obscurity. Simple Minds went on to become a stadium
   rock band, leading most people to forget that before super-stardom they
   were idiosyncratic, electronic and Bowie-influenced. I first heard this
   in early 1982 when I was a junior at high school in Darien,
   Connecticut, and for me it was everything that suburban America in 1982
   was not. It was atmospheric, weirdly European and disco-influenced at a
   time when radio in the States was all shiny American pop and pedantic
   rock. It’s a remarkable record that deserves its place in the canon of
   great Bowie-inspired albums.

Jim Kerr of Simple Minds on …

   Robert Wyatt: Nothing Can Stop Us (Rough Trade, 1982)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/6xQx4G11pRo?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Robert Wyatt’s At Last I Am Free.

   This is without doubt one of my favourite albums. Before its release,
   Robert Wyatt was known to me as drummer and co-vocalist of Soft
   Machine, through listening to John Peel, who almost single-handedly
   championed him throughout his solo career. Peel brought Wyatt further
   attention, particularly in 1983 when his original version of Elvis
   Costello and Clive Langer’s Falklands war-inspired song Shipbuilding
   reached No 2 in his Festive 50. By that time, I was already well under
   the influence of Nothing Can Stop Us. It was on my Walkman throughout
   that summer, usually as I hoofed it on a daily basis from Paddington up
   to Shepherd’s Bush, where my mates and I were busy occupying ourselves
   with the recording of a bunch of songs that would be released as New
   Gold Dream. I loved listening to the album in its entirety, and
   repeatedly so. I still do. Why? You could begin by listening to At Last
   I Am Free, followed by Strange Fruit, and then the aforementioned
   Shipbuilding. And perhaps like me you, too, will get a lump in the
   throat listening to what was surely a purposefully pale and wan
   rendition of Red Flag. I don’t think Robert Wyatt knows how great an
   artist he really is.

Green Gartside of Scritti Politti on …

   The Clark Sisters: Is My Living In Vain (Sound of Gospel, 1980)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/pWtrpuPHDcM?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear the Clark Sisters’ Is My Living in Vain?

   This was given to me by a writer I met in New York in about 1982: this
   recording of rapturous devotion to God has abided with me ever since.
   It’s so good … it almost passeth all understanding. Taped live in 1979
   at Detroit’s Bailey Cathedral, Elbernita “Twinkie” Clark with her four
   sisters and their mother, group founder Dr Mattie Moss Clark, perform
   some of the most ineffably sublime music I have ever heard. As funky as
   grandpa’s drawers and with an ecstatic sense of yearning, the sisters’
   goosebump-inducing singing – sometimes fragile, sometimes fearsome – is
   put to the service of eight exquisitely crafted paeans to the Lord. You
   can find a clip of the sisters in their floor-length pastel chiffon
   gowns performing a version of the album’s title song on YouTube, which
   is magnificent but only hints at the record’s treasures. In 1983, the
   Clark Sisters performed at the Grammys, provoking the ire of their
   church, which forbade Mattie Moss from ever performing with her
   daughters again. Her singing of They Were Overcome on this album is one
   of the loveliest things I know. A couple of years after I was first
   given the record, the sisters came to London to sing at [the]
   Westminster Hall. After their astonishing appearance I approached them
   to express my admiration and gratitude. I was invited to visit the
   family next day at a house in Tottenham, or maybe it was Finsbury Park.
   I’m sure I was a nuisance but they were gracious and I was blessed with
   some albums from their back catalogue. Is My Living In Vain is an
   exalted delight and is up there with the venerated best.

Petite Meller on …

   The Clark Sisters: You Brought the Sunshine (Sound of Gospel, 1981)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/w3YL2t4LrUY?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear the Clark Sisters’ You Brought the Sunshine.

   I was recommended these sisters by a female Uber driver in LA; I’d just
   played my song Baby Love to her. It was my best musical ride. She heard
   the gospel vocals in my song and said: “You’ve got to hear these
   girls!” They’re sisters who sing these big gospel songs with so much
   energy and love. It’s inspiring to listen to as it gives me ideas. I
   love the rawness of the recordings from those days. Go find them … you
   won’t regret it.

Naughty Boy on …

   Nitin Sawhney: Beyond Skin (Outcaste, 1999)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/iyiJHNB-P5U?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click here to see Nitin Sawnhey and Brian Eno perform Prophesy.

   I was in the sixth form when I came across this. I was working in
   Watford WH Smith in the music department, and I’d get 25 discount, so
   I ordered it in and used to listen to it on my PlayStation because I
   didn’t have a CD player. I was fascinated because Sawhney was
   British-Asian, too: I didn’t think it was possible to make Asian sounds
   and still be cool. On the surface, the album was about nuclear weapons,
   but really it was about a personal quest to find yourself, with lots of
   songs about love. It’s quite dark, but the lyrics are full of light. He
   was refusing to be bound by any rules. He combined flamenco music with
   Qawwali, jazz with drum’n’bass. It made me ultimately brave. Once I’d
   finished sixth form, I was ready to start my journey as a composer and
   producer. Being boxed-in wasn’t an option because of this album.

Sean Paul on …

   Buju Banton: ’Til Shiloh (Loose Cannon/Island, 1995)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/TsrKloxhfaw?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click here to hear Buju Banton’s Champion.

   I bought this at the Derrick Harriot record shop in Kingston, Jamaica.
   It was one of the few stores that would carry albums as soon as they
   were released; they used to rent movies on VHS as well, so it was a
   popular spot. When it came out, Buju was already a dancehall superstar
   but it took him to a different level. Most dancehall albums at that
   time were usually a collection of hits that were already out but this
   was made up of new material. When I got home and put it on the stereo,
   it was mind-blowing. Buju was in full-on rasta mode and every single
   song was absolute fire. The consciousness was turned all the way up.
   Even on the party songs and girl tunes he was talking from a higher
   perspective. Champion and Murderer may have been the hardcore boom
   shots that everyone knows but Til I’m Laid to Rest and Not an Easy Road
   spoke to me deeply and truly inspired me even more to pursue music.
   Everyone needs to listen to this dancehall reggae gem and see who Buju
   Banton really is.

Faris Badwan of Cat’s Eyes and the Horrors on …

   Faine Jade: Introspection: A Faine Jade Recital (Sandiland, 1968)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/Dgz8xjbp60Y?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Faine Jade’s Don’t Hassle Me.

   This is one of my favourite psychedelic records – and one of the
   rarest. Get it now! It has the visceral edge of the Velvet Underground
   in places and the wistfulness of Syd Barrett in others. Faine Jade is
   effectively a solo project from Chuck Laskowski, a Long Island-based
   singer and guitarist who previously released one single with the
   Rustics in 1966. Barrett similarities run through the record; one of my
   favourite things about Syd’s songs is the feeling that they could go in
   any direction, at any moment. They are totally tense, raw and
   unpredictable, and the songs on Introspection follow a similar creative
   path. Laskowski claims to have been unaware of Pink Floyd at the time,
   which is totally believable as the tracks never stray into homage
   territory. While seeking to emulate some of the British psych sounds of
   the time, Introspection retains the identity of late-60s
   amphetamine-driven US garage. Don’t Hassle Me captures the spirit of
   rebellious youth, and Ballad of the Bad Guys is a burst of garage rock
   that Between the Buttons-era Rolling Stones fans will be into. The
   tension reaches its height on People Games Play, a song that combines
   the “ostrich guitar” strumming of Lou Reed with familiar late-60s
   percussion and unsettling, monotone vocals. There’s definitely a bit of
   the Byrds in here as well. The lyrics are fairly typical of the Timothy
   Leary era, with mystical lines such as, “Trim the wick with scarlet
   scissors,” but they fit the mood. Laskowski went on to release an album
   with the country rock band Dustbowl Clementine in 1970 but has since
   been largely inactive. More recently, Faine Jade gained wider exposure
   as MGMT covered the folk-rock title track Introspection on their debut
   Oracular Spectacular. Laskowski even gave his seal of approval by
   appearing with them on the closing date of their accompanying US tour.

Petula Clark on …

   Michel Colombier: Wings (AM, 1971)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/AYIHAFWUok?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click here to hear Emmanuel by Michel Colombier.

   Herb Alpert produced this album, mostly in LA and Paris. It was a
   hugely expensive project, a mixture of jazz, rock, symphonic, with
   fantastic people on it – Bill Medley, Paul Williams – and some great
   jazz musicians. It’s one of those masterpieces that isn’t what you’d
   call a commercial record, but it’s one of my favourites. I love Herb,
   and Michel, who was a great composing talent. It was a bit of a
   love-in! There’s some amazing music on it: very moving – there’s a song
   on it called Emmanuel, for Michel’s son, who died very young – but it
   also rocks like mad. It was very personal to Michel, who was a very
   unusual musician. He was often in another place, another world. It was
   made for pure pleasure. You could call it a kind of folly.

Alexis Taylor of Hot Chip on …

   Franco Battiato: Foetus (Sony/BMG Italy, 1971)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/Qfiv4a4vabM?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Karyokinesis by Franco Battiato.

   It’s progressive rock but more short song-based than overblown
   15-minute rock like Yes, Genesis or ELP. He’s a composer and songwriter
   who’s still one of Italy’s best-known musicians; a sort of Italian
   Peter Gabriel. He moved away from this strange experimental record
   towards a more poppy, new wave direction; Foetus is his first solo
   album. It’s a very beautiful-sounding, analogue synth-based record, but
   also very pop: the songs are very immediate, melodic and easy on the
   ear. The Italian version was the first one I really loved; then I came
   across the English version and that suddenly opened it up; now I knew
   what the songs were about. It’s a very original take on describing your
   place in the world; not your usual singer-songwriter confessionals.
   It’s similar to the experimental pop approach of a Brian Wilson mixed
   with someone like Jim O’Rourke from 90s underground Chicago.

Alexis Krauss of Sleigh Bells on …

   Eccentric Soul: The Deep City Label (Numero Group, 2006)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/vh-2kdVcyA?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Betty Wright’s Clean Up Woman.

   The Numero Group collect really old compilations from obscure labels no
   longer in existence. This album is all of the tracks from a soul label
   based in Miami called Deep City; most of the music is mid-to-late-60s.
   A lot of the players were part of Florida marching bands – the cover of
   the album shows them wearing the most sick, badass uniforms – who later
   went on to run more successful studios that released funk and disco.
   This predates that stuff; it’s tracks that had no commercial success,
   but it does feature artists such as Betty Wright. It’s similar to what
   was going on in Detroit, only a little funkier. It’s a little rough
   around the edges, but if you like old soul, it’s great.

Andrew Savage of Parquet Courts on …

   The Necessaries: Event Horizon (Sire, 1982)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/SoTcx71TB2w?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Driving and Talking at the Same Time by he Necessaries.

   This is a record that has even evaded diehard fans of Arthur Russell,
   who played keyboards in the group during their short lifespan and wrote
   two of the album’s best songs: Driving and Talking at the Same Time and
   More Real. When I listen to Event Horizon, I marvel that it isn’t one
   of the most influential records in rock music. But it didn’t make the
   impact it intended to, and was forgotten by Sire and eventually by
   fans. Russell went on to a celebrated solo career after quitting the
   band by jumping out of the van at the mouth of the Holland Tunnel in
   New York, while on the way to a gig in New Jersey. But this is a record
   that needs to be examined further by anybody interested in this era of
   rock music. It’s an elusive missing piece to the lore of the downtown
   scene. Everyone who walks through the door of my apartment is subjected
   to and is changed by it.

Mark Stewart of the Pop Group on …

   The Fire This Time: Dancing On John Wayne’s Head (Extreme, 1995)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/5m9yCWvOIzM?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Thee Fire This Time’s Reluctant Warrior.

   It’s a shining example of an activist-musician using art as a weapon.
   The guy who got it together is Pat Andrade, who organises indigenous
   resistance, helping Aboriginal people, with songs about native rights
   issues and the way corporations own the government. In the punk days,
   people tended to wear politics like a haircut, but Pat actually walks
   what he talks. He was influenced by us [Pop Group/On-U Sound] to a
   certain extent. There are loads of guests – Augustus Pablo, Chuck D,
   Mikey Dread – on this album. He’s a real internationalist; a dub
   activist. It’s resistance through reggae. What he’s talking about is
   really real.

Charlie Simpson of Busted and Fightstar on …

   Aereogramme: A Story In White (Chemikal Underground, 2001)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/vkxyglTS6UY?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Aereogramme’s The Question is Complete.

   When people talk about artists who don’t get the recognition they
   deserve, Aereogramme are always the first band I think of. It’s a
   stunning record, so different to anything I’d heard before:
   atmospheric, with beautiful melodies and really heavy riffs. I got into
   Mogwai through my brother when I was 11 or 12 and I thought it would be
   great to have that sort of music with vocals and Aereogramme did just
   that. I love the contrast of light and dark. It was definitely an
   influence on Fightstar. Funnily enough, Iain Cook the guitarist, is now
   in Chvrches, so he did finally get some recognition.

Shirley Manson of Garbage on …

   Hey! Elastica: In on the Off Beat (Virgin, 1984)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/0FDpi75zuiw?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear This Town by Hey! Elastica.

   They were my peers growing up in Edinburgh. I had a massive crush on
   Giles, the singer with the thunderbolt hair: she was like a rock star,
   with incredible charisma and an image that would still look killer
   today. Back then she appeared to come from Mars: she was like a female
   David Bowie to me. I worked in Miss Selfridge and she came into the
   store one day and I kept staring at her. Later I got introduced to her
   at a club and became obsessed with her and her band. I still think they
   deserve more recognition; they were a fantastic pop band. The record
   was produced by Tony Visconti and Martin Rushent, and the result is a
   strange mix of white funk, jangly 80s guitar, catchy pop and synths,
   with girl group harmonies and some “alternative” flavour. They flamed
   brightly for a few minutes then seemed to disappear, but they’re really
   unique.

Rebecca Ferguson on …

   Lisa Gerrard: The Best of (4AD, 2007)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/JGmvXGBBfjs?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Lisa Gerrard’s Sanvean.

   She used to sing with Dead Can Dance. She is kind of classical and
   sings in her own language that she makes up. She works a lot with Hans
   Zimmer and she’s just unreal. She did the theme from Gladiator, Now We
   Are Free. That made me want to find out more about her. I really like
   the song Sanvean (I Am Your Shadow). It’s quite dark; heavy and
   emotional. It creates a mood and it’s moving. To me, she’s one of the
   best vocalists of all time. If someone went on The X Factor and sang
   Now We Are Free, it would be unbelievable. It’s whether the audience
   are ready for that.

Gilbert O’Sullivan on …

   Carole King: Writer (Ode, 1970)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/14w7MVUS4Fc?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Carole King’s Goin’ Back.

   This was Carole King’s album before Tapestry, which I don’t think
   anybody bought apart from me and a couple of other people. She made an
   album before it, in 1968, with a group called the City because she
   didn’t really like being a frontperson. But Writer was significant
   because it was the prelude to Tapestry. There are some wonderful songs
   here such as Up on the Roof and Goin’ Back – covers of her own songs.
   But the album only sold about 10 or 20,000 whereas Tapestry sold 10 or
   20m! James Taylor is on it, and [guitarist] Danny Kortchmar; a lot of
   the same people who were on Tapestry. It’s a really lovely album. It
   definitely influenced my writing, particularly the chord sequences on
   Child of Mine. If I’d grown my hair and worn jeans and a denim shirt I
   would have easily fitted into that category of singer-songwriter. But I
   dared to be different and chose an unusual image.

Stuart Braithwaite of Mogwai on …

   Abner Jay: True Story of Abner Jay (Mississippi, 2009)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/RKpflHueZAk?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest
   Click to hear Abner Jay’s I’m So Depressed.

   This is the only record I own that I love that has jokes on. I tend to
   like miserable, depressing, pretentious music. Abner Jay was a
   one-man-band, who classed himself as an entertainer – “The last great
   southern black minstrel show,” as he described himself. He’d move from
   town to town, selling vinyl records and cassettes that he published on
   his own label. It’s folk-blues; the kind of thing that, when you hear
   it, you can’t believe it hasn’t sold a million copies. It’s a guy
   singing his heart out, playing amazing music. The songs are absolutely
   incredible, poignant, dark, really captivating and wild. He wrote them
   about Vietnam, cocaine, the moon landing. My favourite one on this
   album is I’m So Depressed. That’s the one that blew me away. I’m not
   sure if it’s a joke, but it’s really moving.
     

   More features

Topics

      Pop and rock
      Soul
      Dance music
      Indie
      Jarvis Cocker
      (Submit) More…
      Chase and Status
      Saint Etienne
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio
           music selected
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › Music
      › Pop and rock

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=25>
    facebook instant articles work rss Apple RSS The Irish Times - Life 
   Style

   [p?c1=2c2=8946263cv=2.0cj=1]

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M9Q373

      Search
      Newsletters
      Crossword
      Notices

      My Account
      Subscribe
      Sign In

   [adserv|3.0|826.1|5306207|0|225|ADTECH;loc=300;target=blank;kvtopic=Ge
   nerationEmigration;kvcat=economy,businessandfinance;cookie=info;]
   Menu
   The Irish Times
   Tue, Jan 3, 2017

   ^Sign In Welcome
      The Irish Times
      News
      Sport
      Business
      Opinion
      Life  Style
      Culture
      More
      Video
      Podcasts
      Executive Jobs
      Search
      Subscribe
      My Account
      Sign In

      Abroad
      Generation Emigration
      Join the network
      Working Abroad
      Returning to Ireland
      Australia
      Canada
      Gulf States
      New Zealand

   All Life  Style
      Food  Drink
           Recipes
           Restaurants
           Drink
      Homes  Property
           New to the Market
           Property Clinic
           Design
           Take 5
           Fine Art  Antiques
           Gardens
      Health  Family
           Parenting
           Fitness
           Get Swimming
           Get Running
           The Health Centre
           Healthy Town
      People
           Obituaries
           Weddings
           New to the Parish
      Travel
           Ireland
           Europe
           Long Haul
           Walks
      Motors
           Car Reviews
      Fashion
           Beauty
      Abroad
           Join the network
           Generation Emigration
           Working Abroad
           Returning to Ireland
           Australia
           Canada
           Gulf States
           New Zealand

      Specials
           Best Sports Club
           Best Shops
           It's Christmas
      Podcasts
           The Women's Podcast
           Róisín Meets
           Ross O'Carroll-Kelly
      Partner Sites
           MyHome.ie

   By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more
   information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. (BUTTON) X

Irish abroad: Tell us about the weird and wacky food where you live

Send us your stories and recipes for Irish Times Food Month

   Sun, Nov 6, 2016, 09:00

   Chicken feet stew, anyone?

   Chicken feet stew, anyone?



   Irish Times Food Month kicked off in The Irish Times this week, and we
   are looking for our readers overseas to tell us about the speciality
   dishes where they live. What has surprised, delighted or disgusted you
   about the foods on offer, or local attitudes towards growing, buying
   and eating, or dining out? What weird or wacky dishes have you sampled
   or come to love since moving there?

   Send us an email with your experiences, recipes or foodie pics to
   emigration@irishtimes.com with Food Month in the subject line. Thank
   you.


      Topics:
      Food Month

   NETWORK
   Join the Irish Times Abroad Network to receive our weekly newsletter
   and contribute your stories and opinions
   JOIN THE NETWORK

More from Abroad

   The Irish Embassy in London. Documents from the embassy detail the
   surge of requests it received for Irish passports in the run-up to and
   after the Brexit vote. Photograph: Google Street View Irish in Britain
   feared being attacked after Brexit vote
   Seán Rogers: ‘In the 1980s Boston was soaked in sunshine and covered in
   easy money.’ When does the longing to return to Ireland go away?
   Parting glance: Kieran Coyne and his son Conor (2) watching the flights
   come and go at Ireland West Airport, Knock, Co Mayo, before Coyne’s
   brother Declan returned to Birmingham. Photograph: Keith
   Heneghan/Phocus Michael Harding: Subtle and awkward silences as
   families say goodbye at Knock airport
   William Guillermo Brown, the son of a Foxford peasant, founded the
   Argentine navy and played a key role in the successful battle for
   independence from Spain at the start of the 19th century The Irish in
   Argentina: not just farmers and priests
   The Irish Times Logo
   Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be
   an Irish Times subscriber.
   SUBSCRIBE
   GO BACK
   Error Image
   The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish
   Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment.
   Comment Sign In
    
   [] I agree to the Terms  Conditions, community standards and Privacy
   Policy
   (Submit) SIGN IN

   Forgot password?
   The Irish Times Logo
   Thank you
   You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you
   have reset your password, you can Sign In.
   The Irish Times Logo
   Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments
   you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our
   community standards.
   Screen Name Selection

Hello

   Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments
   you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our
   community standards.
    Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are
   allowed in screen names.
   (Submit) CONFIRM

   The Irish Times Logo
   Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be
   an Irish Times subscriber.
   SUBSCRIBE
   Forgot Password
   Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your
   password.
   
   (Submit) SUBMIT

   Sign In
   Your Comments
   Sign In Sign Out
   We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this
   Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community
   Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith
   believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the
   offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only
   accepted for 3 days from the date of publication.
   [.....................]
   ADVERTISEMENT
   [adserv|3.0|826.1|5306206|0|170|ADTECH;loc=300;target=blank;kvtopic=Ge
   nerationEmigration;kvcat=economy,businessandfinance;cookie=info;]

Abroad

   An Irish man’s extraordinary search for his Argentinian land

   An Irish man’s extraordinary search for his Argentinian land How a
   Longford woman’s long-forgotten will led to a journey of discovery in
   the Pampas
   American Ireland Fund president’s salary rose to €641,903 last year

   American Ireland Fund president’s salary rose to €641,903 last year
   Kieran McLoughlin was paid $154,583 bonus by philanthropic organisation
   ‘Almost everything about life in Sydney feels better’

   ‘Almost everything about life in Sydney feels better’ Four weeks in an
   emergency department gave Laura Brown a glimpse of her future
   Diaspora: The Irish Times view

   Uncertain times abroad for our people
   Demand for Irish passports reaches record high in 2016

   Demand for Irish passports reaches record high in 2016 Brexit just one
   factor, says Flanagan as 740,000 applications made in 12 months
   Keep in touch Got a story or experience to share about living or moving
   abroad? Let us know

   IFRAME: http://execjobs.irishtimes.com/widget/bootstrap/job/i=13

Subscribe

About Us

Policy  Terms

Subscribe

      Subscription Bundles
      Gift Subscriptions
      Home Delivery

Irish Times Products  Services

      ePaper
      eBooks
      Crosswords
      Newspaper Archive

      Email Alerts  Newsletters
      Article Archive
      Executive Jobs
      Page Sales
      Photo Sales

About Us

      Advertise
      Contact Us
      The Irish Times Trust
      Careers

   Download on the App Store Download on Google Play

      Our Partners
      Rewarding Times
      MyHome.ie
      Irish Racing
      Entertainment.ie
      Top 1000
      MyAntiques.ie
      The Gloss
      Irish Times Training

      Terms  Conditions
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Information
      Community Standards
      Copyright
      FAQs

   © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES

   For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser
   settings

Sign In

   
   
   (Submit) Sign In

   Forgot Password?

Don't have an account?

   Subscribe

      Subscriber Only Articles
      The ePaper
      eBooks
      Subscriber Rewards
      IT Sunday
      Email Newsletters
      Breaking news app
      My Account
      Newspaper Archive
      Crossword Club

      Sign Out

   SUBSCRIBE
    (Submit)

   Tue 3/1/2017
      News
           Year in Review
           State Papers
           Ireland
           World
           Politics
           Crime  Law
           Social Affairs
           Health
           Education
      Sport
           Rugby
           Soccer
           Gaelic Games
           Golf
           Racing
           Other Sports
           Women in Sport
           Comment
      Business
           The Economy
           Your Money
           Companies
           Technology
           Work
           Commercial Property
           Comment
      Opinion
           Editorials
           Letters
           Columnists
           An Irishman's Diary
           Opinion  Analysis
           Martyn Turner
      Life  Style
           Food  Drink
           Homes  Property
           Health  Family
           People
           Travel
           Motors
           Fashion
           Abroad
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           Music
           Stage
           Art  Design
           TV, Radio, Web
           Treibh
      More
           You are what you read
           eBooks
           Offers
           Jobs
           Family Notices
           Competitions
      Video
      Podcasts
           Inside Politics
           World View
           Second Captains
           Business
           Róisín Meets
           Off Topic
           The Women's Podcast
      Executive Jobs

      Crosswords
      Newsletters
      Notices

    (Submit)
   
   
   Forgot Password?
   (Submit) Sign In

   Invalid email or password.
   Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe
      Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to
       our subscribers
      Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism
      Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords
      eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing
      Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations
      IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers
      Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to
       your inbox
      My Account Manage your account
      The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper
      Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go
      Sign Out
<file=26>
   Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online Video RSS feed Latest Video
   Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
          Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Video Home

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   show ad

MOST RECENT


Shane Warne shocked by 'weird decision' to name Test team early

   Shane Warne described the decision by Cricket Australia to name the
   team for the second Test during the middle of the first Test as
   'weird'.
      [3BCD47E500000578-0-image-a-21483431441114.jpg]
       Romantic-tragedy as ring falls down...
       Read More
       0:47min
       [3BCC945D00000578-0-image-a-71483429161006.jpg]
       Sam Wood discusses the location of...
       Read More
       0:28min
      [3BCD440D00000578-0-image-a-51483430735643.jpg]
       From Sydney to The Cook Islands:...
       Read More
       4:58min
       [3BCC941200000578-0-image-a-21483429477408.jpg]
       'Foreign aid budget to rise to £16bn...
       Read More
       0:27min
      [3BCD451D00000578-0-image-m-131483430848884.jpg]
       Passenger's behaviour aboard United...
       Read More
       0:28min
       [3BCC480400000578-0-image-m-41483426755681.jpg]
       Tim Dormer posts a video fire twirling...
       Read More
       0:19min
      [3BCD452100000578-0-image-a-11483431062284.jpg]
       Man is shot dead by police near M62 in...
       Read More
       0:32min
       [3BCC4A7500000578-0-image-m-11483426583199.jpg]
       Sasha shares 'lonesome' song on...
       Read More
       0:12min
      [3BCC462D00000578-0-image-a-51483426424324.jpg]
       Powerful storm sweeps across southern...
       Read More
       0:44min
       [3BCC077600000578-0-image-a-41483422362238.jpg]
       Man catches large eastern brown snake...
       Read More
       1:43min
      [3BCC402400000578-0-image-a-11483425659636.jpg]
       Sneak Peek: New Celebrity Apprentice...
       Read More
       0:35min
       [3BCC066100000578-0-image-a-11483422170605.jpg]
       Chaos at Miami International Airport...
       Read More
       0:20min
      [3BCC3B6800000578-0-image-a-101483425288044.jpg]
       Phoebe Burgess shows off her flower...
       Read More
       0:22min
       [3BCBFBBE00000578-0-image-a-11483421023529.jpg]
       Woman saves baby deer using CPR after it...
       Read More
       0:21min
      [3BCC352000000578-0-image-a-71483424679145.jpg]
       Terrifying moment family finds intruder...
       Read More
       1:13min
       [3BCBEB5300000578-0-image-m-221483419047519.jpg]
       Fierce in florals! Amy Adams looks sweet...
       Read More
       1:13min
      [3BCBEB5700000578-0-image-m-41483418968556.jpg]
       Hello boys! Kirsten Dunst shows off...
       Read More
       0:52min
       [3BCBCF5F00000578-0-image-m-11483416690172.jpg]
       Beautiful in black! Natalie Portman at...
       Read More
       0:49min
      [3BCBD89800000578-0-image-m-191483417027620.jpg]
       The family that inks together: Paris ...
       Read More
       0:36min
       [3BCBB6EA00000578-0-image-a-41483415758115.jpg]
       Incredible moment 2-year-old twin...
       Read More
       2:07min
      [3BCBCF6A00000578-0-image-m-11483416480197.jpg]
       Angelic! Nicole Kidman flawless in cream...
       Read More
       1:59min
       [3BCBA15400000578-0-image-m-161483414640241.jpg]
       Facing her fears! Leighton Meester...
       Read More
       0:17min
      [3BCBC3C500000578-0-image-m-221483416104896.jpg]
       Is this the most awkward New Year's...
       Read More
       0:17min
       [3BCB995E00000578-0-image-m-131483414241927.jpg]
       Bringing sexy back! Fifty Shades Darker...
       Read More
       2:00min
      [3BCB83C800000578-0-image-m-181483411698837.jpg]
       Dave Warner makes his teammate awkwardly...
       Read More
       0:32min
       [3BCB5DCB00000578-0-image-a-91483408010586.jpg]
       Charity Lambert confronts Lord Hamilton...
       Read More
       0:29min
      [3BCB7F7300000578-0-image-a-251483411288331.jpg]
       Racehorse chases dolphins through water...
       Read More
       0:15min
       [3BCB590800000578-0-image-m-71483407705163.jpg]
       Clare Verrall is 'really nervous' about...
       Read More
       0:55min
      [3BCB6FCC00000578-0-image-a-131483410584889.jpg]
       Footage of ute being pulled over...
       Read More
       0:28min
       [3BCB4C2600000578-0-image-a-61483405541709.jpg]
       Action for Rail campaign video for...
       Read More
       2:58min
      [3BCB60FA00000578-0-image-m-111483408226897.jpg]
       Sam Wood offers his advice for New Year...
       Read More
       0:41min
       [3BCB49CB00000578-0-image-m-101483405173746.jpg]
       Kourtney Kardashian  Scott Disick dance...
       Read More
       0:10min

     
      1
      2
      3
      4
     

NEWS


      [3BCD47E500000578-0-image-a-21483431441114.jpg]
       Romantic-tragedy as ring falls down...
       Read More
       0:47min
       [3BCC941200000578-0-image-a-21483429477408.jpg]
       'Foreign aid budget to rise to £16bn...
       Read More
       0:27min
      [3BCD440D00000578-0-image-a-51483430735643.jpg]
       From Sydney to The Cook Islands:...
       Read More
       4:58min
       [3BCC462D00000578-0-image-a-51483426424324.jpg]
       Powerful storm sweeps across southern...
       Read More
       0:44min
      [3BCD451D00000578-0-image-m-131483430848884.jpg]
       Passenger's behaviour aboard United...
       Read More
       0:28min
       [3BCC402400000578-0-image-a-11483425659636.jpg]
       Sneak Peek: New Celebrity Apprentice...
       Read More
       0:35min
      [3BCD452100000578-0-image-a-11483431062284.jpg]
       Man is shot dead by police near M62 in...
       Read More
       0:32min
       [3BCC352000000578-0-image-a-71483424679145.jpg]
       Terrifying moment family finds intruder...
       Read More
       1:13min
      [3BCC077600000578-0-image-a-41483422362238.jpg]
       Man catches large eastern brown snake...
       Read More
       1:43min
       [3BCBB6EA00000578-0-image-a-41483415758115.jpg]
       Incredible moment 2-year-old twin...
       Read More
       2:07min
      [3BCC066100000578-0-image-a-11483422170605.jpg]
       Chaos at Miami International Airport...
       Read More
       0:20min
       [3BCB83C800000578-0-image-m-181483411698837.jpg]
       Dave Warner makes his teammate awkwardly...
       Read More
       0:32min
      [3BCBFBBE00000578-0-image-a-11483421023529.jpg]
       Woman saves baby deer using CPR after it...
       Read More
       0:21min
       [3BCB6FCC00000578-0-image-a-131483410584889.jpg]
       Footage of ute being pulled over...
       Read More
       0:28min
      [3BCBC3C500000578-0-image-m-221483416104896.jpg]
       Is this the most awkward New Year's...
       Read More
       0:17min
       [3BCB4C2600000578-0-image-a-61483405541709.jpg]
       Action for Rail campaign video for...
       Read More
       2:58min
      [3BCB44B500000578-0-image-a-21483404389195.jpg]
       Travellers stranded as queues spill...
       Read More
       0:19min
       [3BCB3D3600000578-0-image-a-221483403102829.jpg]
       Sophie Monk learns to ski during...
       Read More
       0:10min
      [3BCB41BF00000578-0-image-a-21483403771331.jpg]
       Dreamworld remains 'practically empty'...
       Read More
       0:48min
       [3BCB3ADD00000578-0-image-a-11483402926022.jpg]
       TOWIE star Lauren Goodger looks glowing...
       Read More
       0:16min
      [3BCB40A500000578-0-image-a-101483403663698.jpg]
       Prankster lifts trophy during darts...
       Read More
       0:05min
       [3BCB398100000578-0-image-m-81483402816163.jpg]
       Horrific crash that resulted in car...
       Read More
       0:10min
      [3BCB3AD900000578-0-image-m-91483403061674.jpg]
       Lauren Goodger works out hard to regain...
       Read More
       0:09min
       [3BCA53CB00000578-0-image-a-11483400399761.jpg]
       Trio steals 6 million worth in jewelry...
       Read More
       0:38min
      [3BCA30D600000578-0-image-a-371483397578543.jpg]
       Texas rep. hit with stray bullet during...
       Read More
       0:49min
       [3BCA1AD900000578-0-image-m-111483396012598.jpg]
       Former Judge Richard Gee drowns in...
       Read More
       1:18min
      [3BCA2C9900000578-0-image-m-151483396752731.jpg]
       Exact moment a tourist is hit by...
       Read More
       0:13min
       [3BCA2B4F00000578-0-image-a-151483396353940.jpg]
       Video of the man suspected to be the...
       Read More
       0:08min
      [3BC9FE7F00000578-0-image-a-61483395072749.jpg]
       Shocking footage of a dog being boiled...
       Read More
       2:16min
       [3BC9F67700000578-0-image-a-311483393653922.jpg]
       Convenience store sparks outrage with...
       Read More
       0:56min
      [3BCA04D400000578-0-image-a-341483394858856.jpg]
       Colorado community joins search for...
       Read More
       1:16min
       [3BC9EFB000000578-0-image-m-81483393297623.jpg]
       Najah Ghamrawi is crowned Miss Lebanon...
       Read More
       0:20min

     
      1
      2
      3
      4
     

FEMAIL


      [3BCB7F7300000578-0-image-a-251483411288331.jpg]
       Racehorse chases dolphins through water...
       Read More
       0:15min
       [3BC92A9000000578-0-image-a-31483379517676.jpg]
       Hockey fan caught on Kiss Cam gives his...
       Read More
       0:05min
      [3BCB60FA00000578-0-image-m-111483408226897.jpg]
       Sam Wood offers his advice for New Year...
       Read More
       0:41min
       [3BC90CCE00000578-0-image-m-381483379031506.jpg]
       Teaser tester of high impact gym class...
       Read More
       0:49min
      [3BCA297500000578-0-image-a-11483396506330.jpg]
       Watch girl's inspiring message about...
       Read More
       0:43min
       [3BC6DD1600000578-0-image-a-21483366401931.jpg]
       Channel 5 previews documentary series A...
       Read More
       0:20min
      [3BC99AB600000578-0-image-m-131483386844079.jpg]
       Muslim veteran details horrific moment...
       Read More
       2:09min
       [3BC5C21A00000578-0-image-a-441483340375392.jpg]
       Japanese food blogger eats 4,307...
       Read More
       0:20min
      [3BC46C0B00000578-0-image-a-101483323192443.jpg]
       Fitness guru Kayla Itsines on life and...
       Read More
       0:34min
       [3BB8A28900000578-0-image-a-11483125171376.jpg]
       Mother creates parody video of New...
       Read More
       2:47min
      [3BBFC85400000578-0-image-m-191483246700973.jpg]
       Beauty blogger shows how to make Nutella...
       Read More
       0:43min
       [3BB87D4900000578-0-image-m-101483120413277.jpg]
       Putting bulky BF to use: Louise Thompson...
       Read More
       1:00min
      [3BBFAD4F00000578-0-image-m-81483241340161.jpg]
       The ingenious method of transforming...
       Read More
       0:20min
       [3BB84AAA00000578-0-image-a-221483115681673.jpg]
       Formerly obese mother shows off stunning...
       Read More
       1:09min
      [3BBEF34700000578-0-image-m-111483226628229.jpg]
       Dogs who grew up together on a meat farm...
       Read More
       0:18min
       [3BB81D5A00000578-0-image-a-51483111166442.jpg]
       Wendy Yu tries on couture dress for the...
       Read More
       0:14min
      [3BB814B700000578-0-image-a-51483110308603.jpg]
       Ivanka Trump posts BREATHTAKING scenes...
       Read More
       1:16min
       [3BB696E600000578-0-image-m-131483097902449.jpg]
       Cooking tips and tricks! Four simply...
       Read More
       1:23min
      [3BB6D28B00000578-0-image-m-111483102525203.jpg]
       Find out how Kim can lift weights using...
       Read More
       0:39min
       [3BB65F6D00000578-0-image-a-81483094567802.jpg]
       Amazing trailer turns the year 2016 into...
       Read More
       2:16min
      [3BB6C43900000578-0-image-a-11483101639309.jpg]
       "We must walk invisible": Bronte sisters...
       Read More
       0:53min
       [3BB5D35A00000578-0-image-a-281483081304511.jpg]
       Kendall's 'fraternal twin' Kirby Jenner...
       Read More
       0:36min
      [3BB6BE9300000578-0-image-a-231483100904193.jpg]
       'I don't want mascara!' Mum tries to put...
       Read More
       0:32min
       [3BB5C0F600000578-0-image-m-41483077723062.jpg]
       Company launches neck tape that aims to...
       Read More
       0:19min
      [3BB5A6EF00000578-0-image-m-531483072147121.jpg]
       Blogger shows how tape can help make...
       Read More
       0:19min
       [3BB4B7DD00000578-0-image-a-101483042353821.jpg]
       'Naked Chef Steph' cooks Asian chicken...
       Read More
       0:31min
      [3BB57B5D00000578-0-image-m-441483067163549.jpg]
       Couple who both have Down syndrome get...
       Read More
       1:09min
       [3BB4B1AC00000578-0-image-a-181483041716099.jpg]
       Is this Hatchimal making inappropriate...
       Read More
       0:31min
      [3BB5293900000578-0-image-a-41483054742527.jpg]
       California's Crème  Sugar offers a...
       Read More
       0:51min
       [3BB4A26400000578-0-image-a-81483038702021.jpg]
       Madonna is set to debut her new skin...
       Read More
       2:28min
      [3BB5263200000578-0-image-a-601483054456978.jpg]
       Identical twins reveal they want to...
       Read More
       0:19min
       [3BB49D8B00000578-0-image-a-51483037882943.jpg]
       Madonna demos her Chrome Clay Mask from...
       Read More
       0:40min

     
      1
      2
      3
      4
     

SPORT


      [3BC64A7500000578-0-image-a-71483355009752.jpg]
       Brazil's Oscar at Shanghai to join...
       Read More
       1:54min
       [3BBF6BD900000578-0-image-a-331483235234252.jpg]
       PHENOMENAL! Mourinho happy with Man Utd...
       Read More
       0:43min
      [3BC600CE00000578-0-image-a-11483348784942.jpg]
       Michael Bisping agrees Tyron Woodley UFC...
       Read More
       1:00min
       [3BBEC8D500000578-0-image-a-11483222790312.jpg]
       Klopp praises Liverpool's defensive work...
       Read More
       1:46min
      [3BC2F0E400000578-0-image-a-41483288931647.jpg]
       'Leeds glory days are history': Admits...
       Read More
       1:36min
       [3BBEC8DB00000578-0-image-a-151483222438107.jpg]
       Guardiola speaks following Manchester...
       Read More
       0:51min
      [video-1zrjJ454oY48cb872b68d4115f72-885154x115.jpg]
       Jurgen Klopp reacts after Liverpool beat...
       Read More
       14:26min
       [3BBB536600000578-0-image-a-121483185255644.jpg]
       David Haye and pals talk about shock...
       Read More
       0:37min
      [3BB8774900000578-0-image-a-421483119693863.jpg]
       David Luiz, Nathaniel Chalobah and Ola...
       Read More
       0:15min
       [3BB3408200000578-0-image-m-121483024166370.jpg]
       Career shift? Dizzee Rascal spars with...
       Read More
       0:59min
      [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1f1aa9f-374154x115.jpg]
       Pochettino talks ahead of NYD match...
       Read More
       14:07min
       [3BB2523F00000578-0-image-m-141483006443804.jpg]
       What a foul!: Alejandro Gomez kicks his...
       Read More
       0:00min
      [3BB58FAE00000578-0-image-a-41483068592234.jpg]
       Ronda Rousey and Amanda Nunes weigh-in...
       Read More
       1:22min
       [3BB14C6500000578-0-image-a-41482976404166.jpg]
       Ana Ivanovic announces tennis retirement...
       Read More
       2:03min
      [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1e24f68-555154x115.jpg]
       Swansea caretaker manager speaks ahead...
       Read More
       23:38min
       [wire-14459-1482966548-287154x115.jpg]
       Sir Bradley Wiggins retires: Career in...
       Read More
       0:49min
      [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1cb424f-110154x115.jpg]
       Five contenders to replace sacked...
       Read More
       1:01min
       [3BA7EE2F00000578-0-image-a-261482790643246.jpg]
       Not just for kids?: John Terry plays...
       Read More
       0:15min
      [3BACF00A00000578-0-image-m-61482915943744.jpg]
       Alexander Iwobi's girlfriend tries to...
       Read More
       0:52min
       [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1a74b39-95154x115.jpg]
       Man City 3-0 Hull: Pep Guardiola speaks...
       Read More
       6:15min
      [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1be1e26-196154x115.jpg]
       Jurgen Klopp following his side's 4-1...
       Read More
       8:54min
       [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1a6b550-613154x115.jpg]
       Antonio Conte on Chelsea's 3-0 victory...
       Read More
       11:02min
      [3BAA5E5200000578-0-image-a-41482842983219.jpg]
       Arturo Vidal shows off jaw dropping...
       Read More
       0:17min
       [3BA7613B00000578-0-image-a-11482775856536.jpg]
       Moment Chiefs security guard dives to...
       Read More
       0:24min
      [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1a62369-52154x115.jpg]
       Mourinho speaks following MUTD's 3-1...
       Read More
       6:32min
       [3B9EBB8300000578-0-image-a-101482617622585.jpg]
       Gareth Bale shows us his Christmas Eve...
       Read More
       0:14min
      [3BA7455E00000578-0-image-a-221482774579090.jpg]
       Palace's Sam Allardyce gives his verdict...
       Read More
       1:21min
       [3B9E8B5B00000578-0-image-a-71482612955640.jpg]
       Two men mock Conor McGregor in Dublin -...
       Read More
       0:40min
      [video-2ltxRgPVMm3f9637bfa0a1a1a12c-814154x115.jpg]
       Look back at Manchester United's 2016...
       Read More
       1:46min
       [wire-9999-1482532319-813154x115.jpg]
       Crystal Palace appoint Sam Allardyce as...
       Read More
       0:32min
      [3BA23E7300000578-0-image-m-211482702135998.jpg]
       Zlatan Ibrahimovic plays in the snow...
       Read More
       0:13min
       [3B9711BF00000578-0-image-a-11482478921167.jpg]
       Max Gradel on relationship with football...
       Read More
       1:47min

     
      1
      2
      3
      4
     

SCIENCE  TECH


      [3BC9F19400000578-0-image-a-61483393280385.jpg]
       Waves of destruction: History's biggest...
       Read More
       7:36min
       [3BB4A08F00000578-0-image-m-161483038315589.jpg]
       Festo eMotionButterflies artificial...
       Read More
       1:28min
      [3BC9804500000578-0-image-a-21483384369972.jpg]
       Looks like less fun for the birds:...
       Read More
       1:06min
       [3BB49AEB00000578-0-image-a-111483037679282.jpg]
       Festo AirPenguin agile and easily...
       Read More
       1:48min
      [3BC8EBA600000578-0-image-a-161483378301124.jpg]
       Faraday Future shares a sneak peek of...
       Read More
       0:12min
       [3BB497DB00000578-0-image-a-71483037224204.jpg]
       Festo Bionic's AirJelly floats through...
       Read More
       1:40min
      [3BB8ECA900000578-0-image-a-51483131646472.jpg]
       The fleeting but awesome moment a METEOR...
       Read More
       0:06min
       [3BB38A2900000578-0-image-m-171483029510711.jpg]
       NHS GP explains the benefits of...
       Read More
       1:13min
      [3BB0333000000578-0-image-a-41482967717732.jpg]
       Ford debuts its new hybrid autonomous...
       Read More
       0:53min
       [3BABDA8300000578-0-image-a-31482873620069.jpg]
       Veteran tests out incredible...
       Read More
       0:54min
      [3BAF69DF00000578-0-image-a-21482949352676.jpg]
       Secureteam 10 uncover 'mystery object...
       Read More
       8:13min
       [3BAB2D3800000578-0-image-a-91482859734283.jpg]
       Lose the stove! Here's how to cook an...
       Read More
       2:36min
      [3BAF388900000578-0-image-a-211482944384510.jpg]
       Glasses bounce light into cameras to...
       Read More
       3:28min
       [3AA1C25000000578-0-image-a-11479756025058.jpg]
       Tips for how to safely prepare...
       Read More
       2:27min
      [3BAE7FB200000578-0-image-m-141482929711952.jpg]
       Rare footage of Humpback whales...
       Read More
       1:29min
       [3BA7FE4500000578-0-image-a-331482793889736.jpg]
       What is Neurocryopreservation?: Dr Max...
       Read More
       3:03min
      [3B9A71EA00000578-0-image-m-211482523469097.jpg]
       Stunning drone views of Tesla's new...
       Read More
       2:44min
       [3B95696900000578-0-image-a-41482444570813.jpg]
       Company encourages people to clean...
       Read More
       0:57min
      [3B9824A500000578-0-image-a-161482494578666.jpg]
       Taste testing bizarre food that was made...
       Read More
       2:06min
       [3B94F29400000578-0-image-a-91482433479450.jpg]
       Not CGI: Giant real-life robot lifts up...
       Read More
       5:57min
      [3B97A92300000578-0-image-m-41482489398601.jpg]
       Juan Enriquez explores the implications...
       Read More
       15:45min
       [3B93A8BD00000578-0-image-a-91482407828662.jpg]
       Revolutionary plant-based coating keeps...
       Read More
       1:11min
      [3B958DB000000578-0-image-a-11482444378198.jpg]
       Trip back in time: Original Legend of...
       Read More
       0:20min
       [3B9176B500000578-0-image-a-41482370915025.jpg]
       Nintendo launches its new iPhone game...
       Read More
       2:05min
      [3B906FDC00000578-0-image-a-191482345380675.jpg]
       Uber now allows you to select person,...
       Read More
       0:27min
       [3B8EBF4500000578-0-image-a-111482315749333.jpg]
       Researchers examine corruptive effects...
       Read More
       13:59min
      [3B90484400000578-0-image-a-111482341486970.jpg]
       Robot choir takes a swing at Mariah's...
       Read More
       1:57min
       [3B8EB5A500000578-0-image-a-111482314827968.jpg]
       Life size Iron Man armour contains 567...
       Read More
       1:10min
      [3B90399200000578-0-image-a-131482339859503.jpg]
       Mini treadmills track salamander travel...
       Read More
       0:23min
       [3B8D5B4F00000578-0-image-a-11482305401917.jpg]
       See rare glimpse of colourful world...
       Read More
       1:17min
      [3B900BAA00000578-0-image-a-71482336853836.jpg]
       Carvana launches incredible...
       Read More
       0:31min
       [3B8BF9DB00000578-0-image-a-151482264439840.jpg]
       BLAST OFF! Japan launches new rocket...
       Read More
       1:47min

     
      1
      2
      3
      4
     

Viral Videos


      [32F04C2900000578-0-image-a-11460043816958.jpg]
       Andy Cohen's friend does Santa run in...
       Read More
       0:22min
       [323096B700000578-0-image-a-11457990593819.jpg]
       Give a dog a bone: Slo-mo captures pup's...
       Read More
       0:10min
      [32D955D000000578-0-image-a-71459802517556.jpg]
       GoPro captures 600-pounds of explosives...
       Read More
       0:49min
       [321A59E700000578-0-image-a-201457724882747.jpg]
       Cereal killer: disgusting dude pees on...
       Read More
       0:40min
      [325816DF00000578-0-image-a-131458332445177.jpg]
       Watch the Elite Daily team play a game...
       Read More
       1:54min
       [31B6EEC300000578-0-image-m-81456784961561.jpg]
       Dump truck barrels through red light,...
       Read More
       0:28min
      [32553B1C00000578-0-image-a-41458314804859.jpg]
       Cheerleader tumbles awkwardly through...
       Read More
       0:17min
       [2F1D887E00000578-0-image-a-61449422950997.jpg]
       Star Paws: Little pooch is dressed up as...
       Read More
       0:34min
      [2F1CB54A00000578-0-image-a-91449414852502.jpg]
       Woman does a Del Boy as men move the van...
       Read More
       0:18min
       [video-undefined-1B7EB8F500000578-5154x115.jpg]
       These valentines couples get naked and...
       Read More
       min
      [2F1BB1CC00000578-0-image-a-41449399137380.jpg]
       A person trying to move a sofa in the...
       Read More
       0:32min
       [video-undefined-1A0A444A000005DC-365154x115.jpg]
       Storm chasers capture what it's like in...
       Read More
       min
      [video-undefined-2A2A834700000578-516154x115.jpg]
       Cute dog is seriously guilty after...
       Read More
       1:15min
       [video-undefined-1CBD391100000578-269154x115.jpg]
       Driver crashes rare Lamborghini on...
       Read More
       min
      [video-undefined-1A182CF5000005DC-216154x115.jpg]
       Grumpy Cat paved the way for unhappy...
       Read More
       min
       [video-undefined-19B6AA9C000005DC-29154x115.jpg]
       One of marketing experts Saatchi and...
       Read More
       min
      [video-undefined-1EE459E700000578-116154x115.jpg]
       Amazing trick to remove a ring that is...
       Read More
       1:06min
       [video-undefined-1D4183DE00000578-534154x115.jpg]
       Police arrest suspect who threatened a...
       Read More
       1:38min
      [video-undefined-1ED81E9500000578-185154x115.jpg]
       Patriotic parrot can whistle theme to...
       Read More
       0:26min
       [video-undefined-1D3A373200000578-491154x115.jpg]
       The 100 Peeps Challenge by Matt Stonie
       Read More
       3:46min
      [video-undefined-1D69DD8600000578-273154x115.jpg]
       Sneezing Baby Panda: The (Potential)...
       Read More
       2:04min
       [video-undefined-1D1F41C800000578-599154x115.jpg]
       Forget fire walking, man springs his...
       Read More
       0:55min
      [video-undefined-1D69B50200000578-993154x115.jpg]
       Toothbrush gun? Best use for a gun we've...
       Read More
       1:04min
       [video-undefined-1D1EF9D200000578-461154x115.jpg]
       Did you hear something? 3 wheel mustang...
       Read More
       0:28min

     
      1
      2
      3
     

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

Get the Video RSS feed

      RSS
      My Yahoo!
      Feedly
      AOL Reader

   More RSS feeds...


Showbiz Videos

      [3BCC945D00000578-0-image-a-71483429161006.jpg]
       Sam Wood discusses the location of...
       Read More
       0:28min
       [3BCC480400000578-0-image-m-41483426755681.jpg]
       Tim Dormer posts a video fire twirling...
       Read More
       0:19min
      [3BCC4A7500000578-0-image-m-11483426583199.jpg]
       Sasha shares 'lonesome' song on...
       Read More
       0:12min
       [3BCC3B6800000578-0-image-a-101483425288044.jpg]
       Phoebe Burgess shows off her flower...
       Read More
       0:22min
      [3BCBEB5300000578-0-image-m-221483419047519.jpg]
       Fierce in florals! Amy Adams looks sweet...
       Read More
       1:13min
       [3BCBEB5700000578-0-image-m-41483418968556.jpg]
       Hello boys! Kirsten Dunst shows off...
       Read More
       0:52min
      [3BCBD89800000578-0-image-m-191483417027620.jpg]
       The family that inks together: Paris ...
       Read More
       0:36min
       [3BCBCF6A00000578-0-image-m-11483416480197.jpg]
       Angelic! Nicole Kidman flawless in cream...
       Read More
       1:59min
      [3BCBCF5F00000578-0-image-m-11483416690172.jpg]
       Beautiful in black! Natalie Portman at...
       Read More
       0:49min
       [3BCBA15400000578-0-image-m-161483414640241.jpg]
       Facing her fears! Leighton Meester...
       Read More
       0:17min
      [3BCB995E00000578-0-image-m-131483414241927.jpg]
       Bringing sexy back! Fifty Shades Darker...
       Read More
       2:00min
       [3BCB5DCB00000578-0-image-a-91483408010586.jpg]
       Charity Lambert confronts Lord Hamilton...
       Read More
       0:29min
      [3BCB590800000578-0-image-m-71483407705163.jpg]
       Clare Verrall is 'really nervous' about...
       Read More
       0:55min
       [3BCB49CB00000578-0-image-m-101483405173746.jpg]
       Kourtney Kardashian  Scott Disick dance...
       Read More
       0:10min
      [3BCB433200000578-0-image-m-71483404016301.jpg]
       Ariana Grande teases her Final Fantasy:...
       Read More
       0:15min
       [3BCA58A500000578-0-image-m-41483400936291.jpg]
       7 Year Switch's Jackie Sherman opening...
       Read More
       0:36min
      [3BCA55AC00000578-0-image-m-101483400575849.jpg]
       Puppy love! Kendall Jenner kisses new...
       Read More
       2:41min
       [3BCA539500000578-0-image-m-41483400553790.jpg]
       'Glitter, Glitter, Glitter': Bella...
       Read More
       0:49min
      [3BCA03FA00000578-0-image-m-71483394725282.jpg]
       Head over heels, literally: Bethenny...
       Read More
       0:51min
       [3BC9F4A100000578-0-image-m-11483394173525.jpg]
       Kourtney Kardashian  Scott Disick...
       Read More
       0:36min
      [3BC9F36D00000578-0-image-m-761483393427381.jpg]
       Bikini babe Karlie Kloss leaps into the...
       Read More
       0:07min
       [3BC9E50F00000578-0-image-m-731483392606691.jpg]
       Karlie Kloss welcomes in the New Year in...
       Read More
       0:26min
      [3BC9E3D900000578-0-image-m-41483392347158.jpg]
       'Ain't no shame in my game': Ashley...
       Read More
       0:47min
       [3BC9D98000000578-0-image-m-701483391673322.jpg]
       Stephy  Lana Scolaro show off luxurious...
       Read More
       0:34min
      [3BC9CFFC00000578-0-image-m-11483391046587.jpg]
       Miss Mustard! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cute...
       Read More
       0:26min
       [3BC9B65700000578-0-image-m-671483388840622.jpg]
       Gwen Stefani is announced as Revlon's...
       Read More
       0:17min
      [3BC9873000000578-0-image-m-641483385152734.jpg]
       Jonah Hill and Michael Cera star in...
       Read More
       1:13min
       [3BC9742100000578-0-image-m-611483383986057.jpg]
       Time to relax! Lea Michele enjoys a spa...
       Read More
       0:20min
      [3BC96DBF00000578-0-image-m-581483383210656.jpg]
       Pregnant Ciara gets a golf cart ride...
       Read More
       0:30min
       [3BC9522300000578-0-image-m-551483381711290.jpg]
       Maks Chmerkovskiy films road possibly...
       Read More
       1:09min
      [3BC8FB1400000578-0-image-m-521483378287418.jpg]
       What a start to 2017! Hilary Duff enjoys...
       Read More
       0:27min
       [3BC8DBD000000578-0-image-m-491483377684594.jpg]
       The Bachelor teases Nick Viall's...
       Read More
       1:13min

   [INS: :INS]
      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
<file=27>
    WIRED RSS Feed publisher alternate alternate Podcast RSS feed

   Skip to: Start of article (Submit) Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home
   Page.

This Weird Globe-Folding Map Isn't Perfect, But It's Close

   (Submit) subscribe
   (Submit) Open Search Field.

    Search Submit Search

      Business
      culture
      Design
      Gear
      Science
      Security
      transportation
      photo
      video

      Photo
      Video
      Magazine
      WIRED INSIDER
      Roadmap to 2020

      Fallback Image

Get The
Magazine

Subscribe now to get
6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable
Phone Charger.
       Subscribe
     

Get Our
Newsletter

WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.
       
       
       Submit
       Submit
       Thank You
       Invalid Email
     

Follow Us
On Twitter
           Wired Twitter 3 hours
            Flight canceled? Lost bag? Knowing your travel rights could
            save you from a headache: wrd.cm/2j2dhKq
       Follow

Follow Us
On Facebook

Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.
       Follow

We’re On
Pinterest

See what's inspiring us.
       Follow

Follow Us
On Youtube

Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.
       Follow

   Advertisement.

   (Submit) (Submit) (Submit)
     
     

   [AuthaMap4.jpg]

   Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Authagraph
   Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article.
      Author: Liz Stinson. Liz Stinson Design
      Date of Publication: 11.04.16. 11.04.16
      Time of Publication: 2:07 pm. 2:07 pm

         This Weird Globe-Folding Map Isn’t Perfect, But It’s Close

     
     

   [AuthaMap4.jpg] Authagraph

   Creating a proportional map of the world is tricky because the world is
   a sphere and a map is flat. That creates visual distortions, which
   explains why Mercator projections shrink Africa and super-size
   Greenland. Designer Hajime Narukawa found a clever solution to this
   problem: triangles.

   Narukawa’s AuthaGraph World Map, which recently won the grand prize
   in Japan’s biggest design competition, retains the proportions of the
   continents and oceans—so much so that you can fold it into a
   three-dimensional globe. Like magic! He achieved this by dividing the
   globe into 96 triangles and projecting them onto a tetrahedron,
   preserving the proportions of water and land. Then he unfolded the
   tetrahedron into a rectangle, where the 96 sections created a map
   resembling the surface of the original globe, only flat.

   The general shapes of the continents are consistent with more familiar
   maps, but their orientation is not. On the AuthaGraph Map, continents
   curve upward like a smile. Africa and the Americas look like they
   swapped places. And longitude and latitude are no longer a tidy grid.
   But  all maps require tradeoffs. You want an equal area map? Prepare
   for distortion. You want a Mercator? You’re living a lie. The
   AuthaGraph isn’t perfect—the creators concede that it needs “a further
   step to increase a number of subdivision for improving its accuracy to
   be officially called an area-equal map” the project creators write on
   their website—but it’s pretty damn close.
   Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article.
      maps

   Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News.
      Share
      Share
      Tweet
      Pin
      Comment
      Email

   Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News.
      Share
      Share
      Tweet
      Pin
      Comment
      Email

   Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments.
   (Submit)

Most Popular

      This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality
       [GettyImages-630001140-200x200.jpg]
       The Fate of the FCC

This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality
       20 hours
         

      Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better
       [6.-PG-PlanHP-200x200-e1482345281481.jpg]
       aviation

Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better
       20 hours
         

      The 10 Movies We’re Most Looking Forward to in 2017
       [LBM-PosterLunging1872x1054-200x200-e1482209900243.jpg]
       Movies

The 10 Movies We’re Most Looking Forward to in 2017
       20 hours
         

      The Neurologist Who Hacked His Brain—And Almost Lost His Mind
       [DH.winterswireddrphilkennedy6967-FEATURE-ART-200x200-e1453406
       577698.jpg]
       Longread

The Neurologist Who Hacked His Brain—And Almost Lost His Mind
       01.26.16
         

      2016 Was the Year Silicon Valley’s Hype Machine Sputtered
       [RTSCWQK-200x200.jpg]
       Squirrels and Sea Monkeys

2016 Was the Year Silicon Valley’s Hype Machine Sputtered
       20 hours
         

      The Biggest Security Threats Coming in 2017
       [prediction8ball2-200x200.jpg]
       Security

The Biggest Security Threats Coming in 2017
       20 hours
         

      How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos
       [TechOverthrowHP-483045793-200x200-e1479938112393.jpg]
       Telecoms

How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos
       12.30.16
         

      Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending
       [OA10201471R1-1-200x200-e1482250562198.jpg]
       TV

Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending
       12.28.16
         

   More Stories

   Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments

Sponsored Stories

   (Submit) Powered By Outbrain
   (Submit) Powered By Outbrain

More Design

   [spacer-1x1.png]
   books

19 Ingenious Design Books to Inspire You in 2017

   2 days
   [spacer-1x1.png]
   Architecture

25 Masterpieces That Prove 2016 Was an Incredible Year for Architecture

   12.30.16
   [spacer-1x1.png]
   Obsessions

Explore a Giant Underwater Installation Off the California Coast

   12.07.16
   [spacer-1x1.png]
   Counterpoint

Forget Rose Gold. In 2016, Tech’s Big Color Trend Was Ombré

   12.27.16
   [spacer-1x1.png]
   User Interfaces

The Best User Interface Upgrades of 2016

   12.26.16
   [spacer-1x1.png]

aviation

Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better

   20 hours

We Recommend

   (Submit) Powered By Outbrain

   (Submit)

Get The
Magazine

Subscribe now to get
6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable
Phone Charger.

   Subscribe

Get Our
Newsletter

WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.

   
   
   Submit
   Submit
   Thank You
   Invalid Email

Follow Us
On Twitter

      Wired Twitter 3 hours
       Flight canceled? Lost bag? Knowing your travel rights could save
       you from a headache: wrd.cm/2j2dhKq

   Follow

Follow Us
On Facebook

Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.

   Follow

We’re On
Pinterest

See what's inspiring us.

   Follow

Follow Us
On Youtube

Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.

   Follow

Get Our
Newsletter

WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.

   
   
   Submit
   Submit
   Thank You
   Invalid Email

Follow Us
On Twitter

      Wired Twitter 3 hours
       Flight canceled? Lost bag? Knowing your travel rights could save
       you from a headache: wrd.cm/2j2dhKq

   Follow

Follow Us
On Facebook

Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.

   Follow

We’re On
Pinterest

See what's inspiring us.

   Follow

Follow Us
On Youtube

Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.

   Follow

Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers
     

   We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the
   lights on.
   So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an
   ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our
   journalism. We’d really appreciate it.
   Sign Up

   Already a member? Log in

Thank You
     

   All of us at WIRED appreciate your support!
   Continue
      Wired Facebook
      Wired Twitter
      Wired Pinterest
      Wired Youtube
      Wired Tumblr
      Wired Instagram

      Login
      Subscribe
      Advertise
      Site Map
      Press Center
      FAQ
      Customer Care
      Contact Us
      T-Shirt Collection
      Newsletter
      Wired Staff
      Jobs
      RSS

   Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement
   (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate
   link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site
   may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise
   used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

   []
<file=28>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › tv  radio

      music
      games
      books
      art  design
      stage
      classical
      film

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Television  radio
   The other side

Tragic, funny and weird: Donald Glover's Atlanta is a new high for TV comedy

   With its woozy vignettes and bracing violence, Donald Glover’s sitcom
   shatters all the moulds for the genre, without ever forgetting to be
   funny

   Donald Glover as Earnest Marks in Atlanta

   Run come save me… Donald Glover in Atlanta. Photograph: Guy D'Alema

   Jack Seale

   Saturday 5 November 2016 13.00 GMT
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

The writers of FX's Atlanta: 'We’re not interested in being Sesame Street'

   Read more

   Ha ha! Sob. What place for regular TV lolz in 2016, when nobody can
   afford anything, all our heroes have perished and the world is on fire?
   Good news! The modern US comedy is here to help, offering an escape
   from our misery into someone else’s. Louie planted the seed, Girls
   squatted down and watered it, and now these downbeat half-hours are
   everywhere, following their own rules about how depressing and
   uneventful comedy can be. And here we have another peak for the form
   with the tragic and hilarious, loose and often plain weird Atlanta,
   which finally airs in the UK this week.

   Showrunner and star Donald Glover – AKA Troy the expressive nerd in
   Community – is Earn, a late-20s loser in the Georgia suburbs. Earn is
   smart but his millennial non-job in sales doesn’t cover his rent. Van
   (Zazie Beetz), the mother of his child, only lets him stay with her out
   of sexual convenience and pity. When Earn’s cousin Alfred (Brian Tyree
   Henry) achieves local notoriety rapping under the name Paper Boi, Earn
   spots an opportunity: he’ll be Alfred’s manager. It’s a role that turns
   out to be akin to managing someone else’s farts with a net.

   The United States is thousands of little places, and the best of this
   new generation of micro-coms have a unique sense of location. Glover,
   who’s from the Atlanta suburb of Stone Mountain, shows us dark, still
   streets with none of the dangerous energy of the inner city. This is
   the slower death of the outskirts. On the upside, such areas have space
   for eccentrics and absurdity. You know that feeling when you’re
   cradling your sleeping daughter on a night bus, and the man opposite
   insists you share his sandwich, and you don’t because, although you’ve
   failed at life, you’ve not yet hit the level of being fed by bus
   randoms; but then he vanishes, and perhaps wasn’t there in the first
   place? No? In Atlanta, woozy vignettes like this feel more natural than
   punchlines.

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/R0U8ca4040?wmode=opaquefeature=oembed

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   But blasts of violence underline that young, black America is on a
   precipice. Take Earn at the police station, waiting to be bailed and
   trying not to provoke the screw-ups all around him: edgy farce briefly
   becomes unbearably sharp when a white cop brutalises a mentally ill
   suspect. The moment would feel groundbreaking in a drama; being able to
   swerve into racial politics and back out into comedy – there follows a
   silly scene where two people in the seats either side of Earn have an
   intimate chat as if he isn’t there – it’s even more remarkable.

Is this a golden age for black TV makers or another false dawn?

   Read more

   Glover has rejected claims made for his shattering of moulds and
   capturing of zeitgeists, and Atlanta does have some traditional sitcom
   bones. Earn is the sane man in the room, forever peering with tired
   incredulity at buffoons, mainly Alfred’s hanger-on mate Darius (Keith
   Stanfield), a classic comedy savant full of stoner wisdom, such as his
   theory that Malcolm X is alive because – hey – since the funeral,
   nobody’s seen his body! (Earn: “That’s how funerals work.”)

   Having fame as his goal gives Earn an endless supply of idiots to
   cry-laugh at. Like a negative image of Entourage where nothing has gone
   right instead of everything, the boys drift on the edge of the music
   scene, bumping into pomposity and corruption whenever they go in.
   Alfred is already jaded at being even slightly famous, annoyed by his
   fans and aware that his tough alter ego is a construct. In this world,
   it’s probably not worth all the bullshit an artist has to cut through
   to remain authentic. With voices like Glover’s speaking clearly,
   though, 21st-century sitcom is managing. Let’s cling to that.

   Atlanta airs Saturday, 10pm, Fox
     

   More features

Topics

      Television
      Comedy
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio selected
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › TV  radio
      › Television

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=29>
   publisher

     
      Follow @RollingStone
     

   Listen to Glixel Podcast: The Weird Challenges of Making Virtual
   Reality Games
      News
      Video
      Music
      Politics
      TV
      Movies
      Sports
      Glixel
      RS Country

   More
      News
      Video
      Music
      Politics
      TV
      Movies
      Sports
      Glixel
      RS Country
      Lists
      Culture
      Galleries
      Long Reads
      Interviews
      Artists
      Album Reviews
      Ram Report
      Movie Reviews
      Country Sessions
      Live Reviews
      Momentum
      Coverwall
      Had to Be There
      Podcasts
      Subscribe

   Trending
   [putin-obama-russian-hacking-9a4dced8-5545-4299-a469-0bfe5bf52519.jpg]

Taibbi: Something About This Russia Story Stinks

   [gettyimages-630749452-9c18cc09-f2ea-4657-bf15-e072a3d43756.jpg]

Mariah Carey's Manager Lashes Out at 'Rockin' Eve'...

   [gettyimages-462463410-183dfcf1-5b88-41ca-aae9-5d01ad5fe30a.jpg]

See Billie Lourd's Heartfelt Tribute to Carrie Fisher,...

   [gettyimages-630641052-4e36c6cc-a13b-49ce-b6b1-e25727fc4af7.jpg]

Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds to Be Buried Together

 Listen to Glixel Podcast: The Weird Challenges of Making Virtual Reality Games

   Tune into our weekly video games podcast

   By John Davison
   November 4, 2016

More News

   Gametalk: Can the Nintendo Switch Succeed Where Wii U Failed?
   'Battlefield 1': How Realistic Are Games' WWI-Era Weapons? How VR
   Horror Games Mess With Your Head All Stories

   The latest episode of our gaming podcast is now available. Listen and
   subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Google Play or check it out below.

   IFRAME: https://player.megaphone.fm/PNP2849114259?

   This week John Davison, Simon Cox and Rachel Weber are joined by Cy
   Wise from virtual reality game developer Owlchemy Labs (Job Simulator,
   Rick  Morty Simulator) to chat about some of the weird stuff designers
   have to think about when making VR games. How do you stop people
   falling over? Why is elbow tracking important? Plus, we ponder the
   really important questions - like what do you call someone thatʼs
   actually in VR? Are they a player? A user? A participant? A VRgonaut?

   Also: We enthuse about Titanfall 2 (again) and needlessly grumble about
   Sonyʼs shoddy PlayStation Pro packaging.

More News

   Gametalk: Can the Nintendo Switch Succeed Where Wii U Failed?
   'Battlefield 1': How Realistic Are Games' WWI-Era Weapons? How VR
   Horror Games Mess With Your Head All Stories
   Topics: glixel Podcasts

Don’t Miss a Story

   Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your
   inbox.

   Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter.
    Sign Up
   We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers
   that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For
   more information please read our Privacy Policy

   How we use your email address

Trending

   Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number
   of users reading a story in real time.

   What is this?

Taibbi: Something About This Russia Story...

   Something About This Russia Story Stinks 9.5

Mariah Carey's Manager Lashes Out at 'Rockin'...

   Mariah Carey's Manager Lashes Out at 'Rockin' Eve' Producers 9.1

See Billie Lourd's Heartfelt Tribute to...

   See Billie Lourd's Heartfelt Tribute to Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds
   8.1

Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds to Be Buried...

   Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds to Be Buried Together 7.1

Bruce Springsteen Questions Donald Trump's...

   Bruce Springsteen Questions Donald Trump's Competency on 'WTF' 6.2

      © Rolling Stone 2017
      Digital Edition
      Subscribe
      Give a Gift
      Coverwall
      Contact
      Privacy Policy
      Your Privacy Rights
      Your Ad Choices
      Terms of Use
      Customer Service
      Advertise
      Sitemap
<file=30>

     * Sections
          + Sections
          + Top Stories
          + Video
          + Election
          + U.S.
          + World
          + Entertainment
          + Health
          + Tech
          + Lifestyle
          + Money
          + Investigative
          + Sports
          + Good News
          + Weather
          + Photos
     * Shows
          + Shows
          + Good Morning America
          + World News Tonight
          + Nightline
          + 20/20
          + This Week
     * Live
          + Live
          + Live View of the 5th Ave Entrance to Trump Tower in NYC
          + Heavy Fog Covers the Empire State Building in NYC
          + Live Look at Capitol Building in Washington D.C.
          + RADAR: Heavy Rain & Thunderstorms Moving East
          + Live Look at a Bald Eagle Nest Cam in Fort Myers, Florida
          + Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam
          + Live Look at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour
     * Local
          + Local
          + New York City
          + Los Angeles
          + Chicago
          + Philadelphia
          + San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose
          + Houston
          + Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville
          + Fresno
     * More
          + abc.com
          + espn.com
          + fivethirtyeight.com
          + disney.com
          + theundefeated.com
          +
          + Privacy Policy
          + Your CA Privacy Rights
          + Children's Online Privacy Policy
          + Interest-Based Ads
          + Terms of Use
          + Contact Us
          + Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures.
            All rights reserved.
     * Search
          + ____________________ Submit

   Menu

ABC News

     * ____________________ Submit
     * Log In

     * Election
     * U.S.
     * World
     * Entertainment
     * Health
     * Tech
     * … …
          + Health
          + Tech
          + Lifestyle
          + Money
          + Investigative
          + Sports
          + Good News
          + Topics
          + Weather
          + Photos
     * More ABCNews
          +
               o Cities Cities
               o New York City New York City
               o Los Angeles Los Angeles
               o Chicago Chicago
               o Philadelphia Philadelphia
               o San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco -
                 Oakland - San Jose
               o Houston Houston
               o Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh -
                 Fayetteville
               o Fresno Fresno
          +
               o Partner Sites Partner Sites
               o abc.com abc.com
               o espn.com espn.com
               o fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com
               o disney.com disney.com
               o theundefeated.com theundefeated.com
          + Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
          + Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights
          + Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy
            Policy
          + Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads
          + Terms of UseTerms of Use
          + Contact UsContact Us
          + Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures.
            All rights reserved.
     * Shows
          + Good Morning America Good Morning America
          + World News Tonight World News Tonight
          + Nightline Nightline
          + 20/20 20/20
          + This Week This Week
     * Live
     * Video

Little Sister Defends Her Brother With Autism After Student Called Him
'Weird'

     * By JOI-MARIE MCKENZIE
       Close
       Follow on Twitter
       More from Joi-marie

   Nov 5, 2016, 3:52 PM ET
     * 0 Shares
     *
     *
     *
     * Email
     * Star

   PHOTO: Sophie Camilleris daughter Lex, 6, stood up for her brother
   Frank, 9, who has autism, after a student at her school called him
   weird. Courtesy Sophie Camilleri
   Sophie Camilleri's daughter Lex, 6, stood up for her brother Frank, 9,
   who has autism, after a student at her school called him weird.
     * 0 Shares
     *
     *
     *
     * Email

   When a student in her class made fun of her older brother, who has
   autism, one 6-year-old couldn't stand idly by. Instead, she wrote a
   letter to the school, requesting that students learn about invisible
   disabilities.

   Lex Camilleri took that letter to the school's student council and
   later read it aloud to her class before having a discussion about
   autism and what it means.

   Lex's mother, Sophie, was informed of the letter by a teacher who
   approached her after school. That's when she posted it to Facebook and
   the handwritten letter quickly went viral.

   In the note, Camilleri wrote: "On Monday I felt very sad because a girl
   in my class said that my brother was weird. My brother has autism and
   is not weird. I would like it if we could learn about all disabilities
   in schools so that everybody understands that some people are
   different, but we should all be treated the same."

   9-Year-Old Explains Her Autism During School's Morning Announcements

   12-Year-Old Girl's Sister on Autism Spectrum Inspires Her and Friends
   to Develop App

   British mother of three Sophie Camilleri, 44, said she's "so proud" of
   the way her daughter handled the situation.

   "Frank is older than her and that's all she's ever known," the mother
   added. "She's only known autism so she doesn't see it as different.
   She's lived and breathed in from the beginning. That's just how it is."

   PHOTO: Sophie Camilleris daughter Lex, 6, stood up for her brother
   Frank, 9, who has autism, after a student at her school called him
   weird. Courtesy Sophie Camilleri
   Sophie Camilleri's daughter Lex, 6, stood up for her brother Frank, 9,
   who has autism, after a student at her school called him weird.

   Camilleri recalled that a teacher described what happened after Lex
   read her letter aloud. The teacher asked the students if anyone knew
   what autism was and "not one child knew what it was. This is why she
   wants it out there and taught more in schools."

   The family hopes to take their request all the way up to their member
   of Parliament to see if it can be taught in schools country wide.

   "We need to educate children, as young as nursery, to discuss
   disabilities that aren't so visible like autism, dyslexia and people
   that may have a hearing impediment just so that children are aware and
   so children can understand it," Sophie Camilleri added.

   Lisa Goring, the chief programming and marketing officer at autism
   advocacy organization Autism Speaks, told ABC News in a statement that
   increased understanding of autism is needed in U.S. schools.

   "With an estimated 1 in 68 [U.S.] children diagnosed with autism, the
   need for acceptance and understanding for people with autism is vital,"
   the statement read. "Many schools do provide information about autism,
   but we know that this is not done in all schools. To further the
   acceptance and understanding, Autism Speaks provides a School Community
   Tool Kit to help those in the school community support students with
   autism. We also have a tool kit specifically for elementary school
   children to learn more about autism."
     * 0 Shares
     *
     *
     *
     * Email
     * Star

   Comments
   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Little Sister Defends Her Brother With Autism After Student Called Him
'Weird'

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Trump Said He Felt He Was Going to Lose the Election, Despite Denying It

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

4 Dead from Suspected Pesticide Poisoning at Texas Home

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Family Sues Apple, Claims FaceTime Distracted Driver in Fatal Crash

Democrats Extol Health Care Law in Bid to Derail GOP Repeal

10-Month-Old Revived Twice After Being Exposed to Fentanyl

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Retired Marine With Double Arm Transplant Wiggles Fingers

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Year-Long Digital Detox Left Woman Feeling 'Grateful of Every Moment'

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Last Dog Adopted During Shelter Clear-Out Gets Sweet Sendoff

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Parents Outraged Over Alleged Hatchimal Toy Fails

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Dylann Roof Faces Sentencing in Federal Death Penalty Case

Pope to Bishops: Maintain 'Zero Tolerance' for Child Abuse

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

For Trump, the 1980s Still Hold Relevance

Federal Prosecutor Tackles Heroin Scourge That Claimed Son

3 Released in Dakota Access Pipeline Stadium Protest

Israeli Police Question Netanyahu Over Corruption Allegation

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Queen Elizabeth II Misses Church Again, Raising Health Concerns

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Dick Clark Productions Rejects Mariah Carey's Sabotage Claim

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

What Happened During Mariah Carey's New Year's Performance

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Lauren Conrad Is Pregnant

Kremlin Visit for Children of Diplomats Expelled by US

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Time Lapse of Rolling Smog Gives Glimpse of Beijing's Pollution Problem

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

'Bachelor' 'Definitely Remembers' One-Night Stand With Contestant

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

Injured Dog Stranded on Train Tracks Is Protected by Furry Friend

   " [HT-autisim-letter-1-jt-161105_v4x3_4x3_992.jpg]

How Celebrities Rang in 2017
<file=31>
      Newsweek


      World
      U.S.
      Podcasts
      Opinion
      Culture
      Sports
      Tech  Science
      Business
      Video
      The Magazine




      Subscribe
      Europe Edition
           US
           EUROPE
           Español
           日本
           한국
           Pakistan
           Polska
           Srbija
           ČESKÁ REPUBLIKA
      SIGN IN
       MY ACCOUNT
           My account
           Subscription settings
           Contact support
           Sign out

   Search  Search

   Advertisement

   Culture

The Weird and Beautiful War Poetry of Solmaz Sharif

Solmaz Sharif has been nominated for a National Book Award for "Look," her
first book of poetry.

   By Alexander Nazaryan On 11/6/16 at 2:27 PM
   Sharif2016-11-04
   The poet Solmaz Sharif.Arash Saedinia

   Close

   IFRAME: http://video.ibt.com/share/25605?autostart=1publisher=nweu

   One poem lists American military operations: Beastmaster, Hickory View,
   Riverwalk, etc. Another lingers with dark, dry humor on “WARHEAD
   MATING” and “HEIGHT HOLES.” A third injects missile-technology lingo
   into the Book of Ecclesiastes: “For what is your life? It is even a
   THERMAL SHADOW.”
   Win an iPhone 7 Sign up to our daily newsletter for your chance to win.

   IFRAME: http://europe.newsweek.com/NlIframe/iphoneCompetition

   Your browser does not support iframes.

   The poet responsible for these verses is Solmaz Sharif, and when I meet
   her at a fashionable Oakland, California, café, she looks like one of
   its fashionable denizens, not someone who, by next week, could be the
   winner of the National Book Award for Look, her first book of poetry,
   which is political and confessional—and which relies heavily on
   terminology from the U.S. Department of Defense’s Dictionary of
   Military and Associated Terms.

   Not even the title of the volume is exempt from this intriguing
   confluence of the personal and the martial. Look is an invitation to
   the reader, but this most quotidian of words also describes, according
   to the military dictionary, “a period which a mine circuit is receptive
   of an influence.”

   For Emily Dickinson, life was “a Loaded Gun.” For Sharif, it is a mine
   primed to blow. The title poem (which contains the Ecclesiastes
   reference) moves from a moment of intimacy, to a Hellfire missile being
   fired on Iraq, to a kind of unease about the American project, as
   befitting a poet born in Turkey to Iranian parents who settled in Los
   Angeles. As far as poetry goes, this is closer to Apocalypse Now than
   John Ashbery.

   Which is how Sharif wants it. The job of a poet, she says, is to be “a
   bane to the republic. Because the republic is built on a destruction of
   language. A kind of obliteration of language that will enable and
   excuse violence against bodies. My job is to interrogate and agitate
   that as often as I can.”

   Moving between the personal and political, her poetry is always in a
   state of tumult—a state of war. Every one of the words from Dictionary
   of Military and Associated Terms are rendered, as above, in all caps.
   The effect is a muraled wall riddled by gunfire, photographed and
   turned into art. Sharif tells me that she wanted the military terms to
   act as “these little disruptive markers of violence” that would remind
   readers that war is a constant presence in our lives, as much here as
   it is over there.

   She points to the varnished table where we sat, to her crumbled scone
   and my avocado toast. War was happening here too, she says. Only we
   need the courage to see it. Perhaps because of her ethnicity, or her
   convictions, Sharif sees it everywhere:

   My father is not afraid of
   SEDITION. He can
   SEIZE a wild pigeon off a Santa Monica street or watch
   SEIZURES unfold in his sister’s bedroom — the FBI storming through.

   Although the first-person voice throughout Look is not always Sharif’s,
   the poems do follow her family’s journey. Some of the poems are about
   her uncle, who was killed in the Iran-Iraq War. Sharif never knew him,
   yet she evokes him with the kind of battle-worn sorrow that the ancient
   Greeks lavished on their war dead:

   Just, DESTROYED.
   DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN ACTION.
   Yes, there was EARLY WARNING.
   You said you were especially scared
   of mortar rounds.

   Sharif is a child of conflict, born in 1983 in Istanbul because her
   parents had fled Iran after the overthrow of the Shah in 1979. They
   then moved to the United States, her mother going to the University of
   Alabama, her father working odd jobs in the Northeast. She imagines his
   experience—the classic immigrant tale—in a poem that has her father
   “driving a cab in Poughkeepsie, lifting lumber in Rochester...my baba
   downing Bud Light by the Hudson.” The image, like so many in Look, is
   precise and evocative, the poetic equivalent of a drone strike.

   Sharif’s parents eventually settled down in Los Angeles, where Sharif
   spent most of her childhood. She went to college at the University of
   California at Berkeley and graduate school at New York University. Back
   in Los Angeles, when she was helping a photographer friend with a
   project, she became enthralled with the military dictionary.

   The early curiosity became a book that took Sharif eight years to write
   and publish. Recent Man Booker Prize winner Paul Beatty had his novel
   The Sellout rejected 18 times by publishers; Sharif estimates she got
   as many rejections for Look, maybe more. “And I want to send thank-you
   notes to all of them,” she says, laughing. Her manuscript was finally
   acquired by Graywolf Press, the revered independent Minneapolis-based
   press that has published the essayists Leslie Jamison, Maggie Nelson
   and Eula Biss, as well as the poets Tracy K. Smith, who won the
   Pulitzer Prize in 2012, Elizabeth Alexander, who read at President
   Barack Obama’s first inauguration, and Claudia Rankine, whose Citizen
   has been lauded for its take on intractable racial issues.

   “Sharif disrupts our assumptions about what constitutes poetry—and
   simultaneously makes a poetry of protest and of lyric devastation,”
   says Graywolf Executive Editor Jeff Shotts. “There is nothing like this
   work.”

   Critics have agreed, with The New York Times calling the book
   “excellent.” Bookforum noted that “there’s something automatically
   evocative about the bureaucratic language of war, in the particular
   mismatch between the casualness of some words, the technological
   specificity of others, and the death hiding behind them all.”
   Tellingly, that review was written by a national security reporter for
   The Intercept, where Glenn Greenwald, who wrote about the Edward
   Snowden documents, is an editor.

   To be on the National Book Award short list has been “bizarre” for
   Sharif, given how many rejections Look received along the way. Even
   more bizarre: “Trump might be president during the ceremony.” We are
   fretting over the polls in North Carolina and New Hampshire when Sharif
   considers an aspect of the Trump presidency that I had not contemplated
   before: “Who’s that inaugural poet going to be?”

   We sit there, at a loss, wondering who might to do for Trump what
   Robert Frost did for John F. Kennedy in 1961, endowing his first
   moments as president with moral authority. Then, suddenly, the answer
   occurs to me. He is not a poet, exactly, but he does work in verse,
   whiskey bottle in hand: Kid Rock.
   Try Newsweek: Subscription offers
   National Book Awards Solmaz Sharif

  Related Stories

     

Jonathan Lethem, a Long Way From Brooklyn in New Novel, ‘A Gambler’s Anatomy’
     

Doom With a Side Salad: Novelist T.C. Boyle's Cheerful Pessimism

   Share
      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Like us on Google Plus
      Follow us on LinkedIn
      Share with Whatsapp
      More
           reddit
           Pinterest
           Tumblr

   Comments

   Advertisement
   READ MORE
      0102trumpcongress01

U.S. Congress Poised for Battle Over Obamacare, Environmental Regulations and
Trump's Cabinet
      Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho, left.

Jose Mourinho: Manchester United Players ‘Too Tired to Think’ in West Ham
United Win

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   World
      0102berlinsuspect01

Germany Arrests Syrian Refugee Suspected of Planning ISIS Truck Bomb Attack
      0102brazilprisonriot01

Bloody Prison Riot in Brazil Leaves 60 Dead in Renewed Surge of Drug Gang
Violence
      0102merkel01

Angela Merkel Taps out of Davos World Economic Forum as Donald Trump Takes
Office
      0102netanyahu01

Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Be Questioned Over Alleged
Corruption

   Advertisement
   TECHNOLOGY
      spacex internet satellites elon musk

SpaceX to Launch First Rocket Since Falcon 9 Explosion
      Bitcoin wallet

Bitcoin Price Passes $1,000 For First Time Since 2013

   In the magazine

   Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata, left.
   Sports
   West Ham United vs Manchester United: Conclusions from London Stadium
   as Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic Extend Jose Mourinho’s Winning Run
   United toiled for most of the game in east London.
   0102sonnyperdue01
   U.S.
   Trump's Leading Pick for Agriculture Head: Democrat-Turned-Republican
   Georgia Ex-Governor Sonny Perdue
   Sonny Perdue founded a founded a grain and fertilizer business and
   became Georgia's first...
   0102strikes01
   U.S.
   Civilian Deaths Top 188 in U.S.-Led Operation Against ISIS in Iraq and
   Syria
   The operation also has cost $10 billion since 2014, the data shows.
   1230newyork01
   Culture
   Quora: How the 'I Love New York' Campaign Changed the City's Image
   The iconic marketing campaign attempted to rescue New York City after
   economic and social failures....

   Advertisement

      Newsweek
      About us
      Advertise
      Contact
      Copyright
      Privacy
      Terms
      December 23, 2016
      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Follow us on Google Plus
      Follow us on LinkedIn

      Cover 12/30/2016
    December 30, 2016
           Meet Henry Orenstein, the Man Who Changed How the World Plays
           Harnessing Technology and Innovation to Save the World's
            Cities
      Cover 12/23/2016
    December 23, 2016
           How Donald Trump's Business Ties Are Already Jeopardizing U.S.
            Interests
           Review: In New Biopic ‘Barry,’ the Real Obama Remains Hidden
      Cover 12/16/2016
    December 16, 2016
           Taiwan Was the First Salvo in a Looming Showdown with China
            Over Trade
           What’s Driving Brooklyn’s New Design Center?
      December 9, 2016
    December 09, 2016
           How Artificial Intelligence and Robots Will Radically
            Transform the Economy
           Tulum, Mexico: How an Eco-Chic Retreat Became a Den of
            Corruption

   © 2016 Newsweek LTD

   Clicky
   [p?c1=2c2=7922264cv=2.0cj=1]

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MWQQQZ
<file=32>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)

   <
   >

   Menu

ESPN

     * ____________________ Submit
     *
     * Scores

     * NFL
     * NBA
     * MLB
     * NCAAF
     * Soccer
     * NCAAM
     * …
          + NHL
          + Golf
          + Tennis
          + MMA
          + WWE
          + Boxing
          + esports
          + Chalk
          + Analytics
          + NCAAW
          + WNBA
          + NASCAR
          + Racing
          + Horse
          + RN FB
          + RN BB
          + NCAA
          + LLWS
          + Olympic Sports
          + Special Olympics
          + Cricket
          + Rugby
          + X Games
          + Endurance
          + CFL
     * More ESPN
     * Fantasy
     * Listen
     * Watch

     * [nfl.png&w=80&h=80&transparent=true] NFL
     * HomeHome
     * ScoresScores
     * ScheduleSchedule
     * PlayoffsPlayoffs
     * StandingsStandings
     * StatsStats
     * TeamsTeams
     * DraftDraft
     * More
          + NFL NationNFL Nation
          + Power RankingsPower Rankings
          + Football Power IndexFPI
          + Playoff MachinePlayoff Machine
          + FantasyFantasy
          + Injury WireInjury Wire
          + Monday Night HQMNF HQ
          + RumorsRumors
          + TransactionsTransactions
          + ChalkChalk
          + Expert PicksExpert Picks
          + PickCenterPickCenter
          + Daily LinesDaily Lines
          + CoachesCoaches
          + ShopShop
          + TicketsTickets

Giants' Apple: Mom's views put me in weird spot

   New York Giants
   60dJordan Raanan

Bills owner fired Ryan when pressed on future

   Buffalo Bills
   1hMike Rodak

Chargers shocked, saddened by McCoy's firing

   San Diego Chargers
   11hEric Williams

Hue Jackson: 'Swimming in lake' if 1-15 next year

   Cleveland Browns
   7hPat McManamon

Raiders' Del Rio noncommittal on starting QB

   Oakland Raiders
   7hPaul Gutierrez

Bowles: 'Bad excuse' to cite strife for 5-11 year

   New York Jets
   9hRich Cimini

McCarthy: Rollins 'doing well' after hospital stay

   Green Bay Packers
   9hRob Demovsky

Chip Kelly The Coach couldn't live up to Chip Kelly The Idea

   San Francisco 49ers
   17hSeth Wickersham

Tracking every NFL head-coaching change

   Denver Broncos
   6hESPN.com

Handing out NFL awards for 2016, from MVPs to coaches

   Atlanta Falcons
   14hBill Barnwell

2016-17 NFL playoffs schedule, Super Bowl LI coverage

   2hESPN.com

Vote: NFL playoff predictions?

   New England Patriots
   1dSN Staff

Grades, draft needs, offseason questions for every eliminated NFL team

   1dESPN.com staff

Kubiak retires, fights tears in farewell address

   Denver Broncos
   12hJeff Legwold

NFL Playoffs Primer: Schedules, Super Bowl paths and possibilities

   Dallas Cowboys
   10hDan Graziano

The Big Story for every NFL team

   18hESPN.com

Taylor unhappy with benching, mulls Bills future

   Buffalo Bills
   12h

2017 home and away opponents for every NFL team

   13hESPN.com staff

Sean Payton's departure would be buzzkill for optimistic Saints

   New Orleans Saints
   20hMike Triplett

Pagano expects to be Colts' coach next season

   Indianapolis Colts
   11hMike Wells

Broncos open search, seek K. Shanahan meeting

   Denver Broncos
   11hJeff Legwold

Redskins season a disappointment because of missed chances

   Washington Redskins
   1dJohn Keim

   1 Related
     * Giants should feel good about themselves heading into playoffs

Norman-Beckham gets heated before WR's exit

   Washington Redskins
   1dJohn Keim

Cowboys-Patriots is a Super Bowl worth rooting for

   Dallas Cowboys
   1dIan O'Connor

Players recall how the biggest plays of Week 17 went down

   18hESPN.com

2017 NFL draft order set for top 20

   Buffalo Bills
   12hKevin Seifert

Raiders' QB woes could point to short playoff stay

   Oakland Raiders
   1dPaul Gutierrez

Kickoff returns reduce modestly during 2016

   17hKevin Seifert

Week 17 injuries that will affect NFL playoff teams

   1dESPN.com

Worst season in Browns history 'gains' them first overall draft pick

   Cleveland Browns
   1dPat McManamon

Redskins' Hall says he wants to keep playing

   Washington Redskins
   8hJohn Keim

Grades, draft needs, offseason questions for every eliminated NFL team

   1dESPN.com staff

   2 Related
     * Ranking non-playoff teams' chances of making 2017 field
     * 2017 New Year's resolutions for every NFL team

Eli Apple: Giants are not pressuring me to silence Mom's opinions

   [javascript] play
   Will Cain critical of Annie Apple for putting son in 'awkward' position
   (1:51)

   Although Will Cain says Annie Apple has every right to express her
   opinions regarding how the Giants' handled the Josh Brown situation, he
   believes she was being "irresponsible" for some of her inaccuracies in
   her story. (1:51)
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Facebook Messenger
     * Pinterest
     * Email
     * comment

   Nov 4, 2016
     * Jordan RaananESPN Staff Writer
       Close
       Follow on Twitter

     *
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Facebook Messenger
     * Pinterest
     * Email
     * print
     * comment

   EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The mother of New York Giants first-round pick
   Eli Apple has put her son in a "little awkward" situation, Apple said
   Thursday.

   This is the result of Annie Apple's outspoken nature in her Sports
   Illustrated columns and presence in mainstream media. Annie Apple also
   works for ESPN as a contributor to Sunday NFL Countdown.

   She has written in recent weeks about the Josh Brown situation, as more
   details became public about the former Giants kicker's 2015 domestic
   violence arrest. Annie Apple wrote about her personal experiences with
   domestic violence, and she criticized Giants co-owner John Mara for
   comments he made.

   In her most recent Sports Illustrated column, posted late in the
   afternoon on Wednesday, Annie Apple wrote about being "livid" with the
   Giants because of her belief that the team was leaning heavily on her
   son in an effort to control her. She also wrote about deciding to skip
   the Giants' most recent game against the Los Angeles Rams, even though
   she made the trip to London -- a move that "definitely hurt" her son.

   Eli Apple remembers it as being the first game his mother has missed
   since he was in high school.

   Apple was asked seven minutes' worth of questions Thursday, exclusively
   about his mother, her columns and their relationship, rather than
   anything about this week's matchup with the Philadelphia Eagles. He
   said he expected it but also denied that the team was leaning on him to
   keep her quiet.

   "I'll tell her [they're not pressuring me]," Apple said.
   [raanan_jordan_m.jpg&w=160&h=160&scale=crop] Giants cornerback Eli
   Apple admits his mom's outspoken views in the media put him in a
   "little awkward" situation, but denies that the team is leaning on him
   to rein her in. Photo by Rich Graessle/Icon Sportswire

   Apple said he didn't yet read his mother's latest column, titled, "Why
   I will never stop speaking out against injustice -- from the Giants,
   the NFL or beyond."

   None of his teammates had said anything to him about the situation as
   of Thursday afternoon. The situation has put the cornerback in a
   strange position as he tries to get his rookie season on track. Apple
   has missed two of the Giants' first seven games and left early in two
   others because of hamstring and groin injuries.

   He was prepped by Giants personnel Thursday that he would be facing
   questions about his mother and her most recent column.

   "It's definitely a weird position, of course. You want to just focus on
   football and have football be your main focus," Apple said. "Sometimes
   when things like this come up, it makes it a little bit hard because
   you're thinking about it a little bit. But you just have to move on
   from it, talk to her a little bit and try to speak your mind a little
   bit and move forward."

   But there is only so much he can do. Apple isn't about to reprimand or
   silence his mother.

   "That's my mom," he said. "She's going to check me, big time."

   Annie Apple is her own person, and like Eli, she has her own career, he
   said. It's up to the two of them to make sure they can co-exist. Eli
   Apple thinks it can happen.

   "I know how to talk to her a little bit," he said. "Me and my mom have
   been going at it for a while, of course. So I'm going to come correct,
   of course. I'm going to come as her child."

   The conflict of interest between columnist and player was always a
   potential outcome, with the mother's and son's careers so intertwined.

   "I knew there were going to be some things that come with it because I
   know how she is," Apple said. "She loves to be vocal and certain things
   and she has a big voice and definitely gets out to a lot of people.

   "So I just expected things like this a little bit. It's all good."
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Facebook Messenger
     * Pinterest
     * Email
     * comment

Sponsored Headlines

   Comments
<file=33>
   The Telegraph
   (Submit)
      Premium
      News
      Sport
      Business
      Money
      Opinion
      Obituaries
      Travel
      Tech  Science
      Culture
      Film
      TV
      Lifestyle
      Fashion
      Luxury
      Cars
      Video
      Christmas

      Free Mobile App
      Jobs
      Financial Services
      Rewards
      Events
      Dating
      Offers
      Shop
      Garden Shop
      Bookshop
      Box Office
      Puzzles
      Fantasy Football
      Wine Shop
      Work at The Telegraph

      Log out
      My Account
      Subscribe
      Rewards
      Video

      Login
      Register
      Subscribe
      Rewards
      Video

      Log out
      Rewards
      My Account
      Video

   The Telegraph
      Home
      News
      Sport
      Business

   (Submit) ALL SECTIONS
      Business

      Economy
      Companies
      Opinion
      Markets
      A-Z
      Alex
      Telegraph Connect
      Events

   (Submit) More
      Telegraph
      Business
     

Weird and wonderful jobs in 360°: the high-flying life of a wingwalker

   The Breitling Wingwalkers perform at the Farnborough International
   Airshow in Hampshire The Breitling Wingwalkers perform at the
   Farnborough International Airshow in Hampshire Credit: Andrew Matthews
      Kate Mannix
      Oscar Featherstone

   2 November 2016 • 10:26am

   Whether she is performing aerobatic routines over the Palm Islands in
   Dubai or taking part in summer shows with her sister across Europe,
   every day is an exciting one for wingwalker Emily Guilding.

   In the video below, Guilding takes you on a 360 tour of the skies above
   Gloucester, travelling at speeds of up to 160 miles an hour atop a
   vintage biplane.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/DXC7YwIfd8

   “The most difficult part is the fact that it's extremely physically
   demanding," reveals Guilding. "From the ground, it looks quite elegant
   when you’re watching it and sort of graceful, but if you ever have a go
   yourself you will realise that actually the wind pressure, the
   turbulence, it all creates a very difficult environment.”

   Guilding, who works full-time for the Breitling Wingwalkers alongside
   her sister Stella, traded her traditional 9-to-5 in favour of the
   high-flying role several years ago.

   “I had a very conventional career in a office based job and I just
   thought one day there has got to be more to life than sitting in an
   office," says the 31-year-old. "I heard they were recruiting for a new
   wingwalker, I decided to apply and three years later here I am.”

   Asked what she loves about her role, Guilding replies: "travelling up
   to 160mph, the feeling that that gives you is just absolutely
   incredible."

   "It is the best job in the world."

   Future episodes in this series will give you a behind-the-scenes
   glimpse at some of the nation’s most fun and unusual jobs, including a
   stunt driver and a librarian at the world-famous Bodleian Libraries in
   Oxford. In last week’s episode, the star of Charlie and the Chocolate
   Factory took viewers on a 360 tour of the popular West End show.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/aWYmWhweu4U

   Follow Telegraph Business

READ MORE ABOUT:

      Jobs and employment
      Show more

   IFRAME: http://widgethost.barnebys.com/widget/telegraph/9/int/

   IFRAME: //www.dianomi.com/smartads.epl?id=203

Business latest

    1. Nationwide sign
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Nationwide sees 10pc rise in customers thanks to Government account switching
service
    2. laser
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

E6's diamond sculptors push the envelope from lasers to the quantum realm
    3. Bank of England
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

Comment: Ten years after the crisis, what is the future of banking?
       Sushil Saluja
       Premium
    4. The market for finance contractors is particularly weak
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

Hiring flatlines as cautious companies hold off taking on more staff
    5. Welsh flag
       02 Jan 2017, 10:15pm

Welsh pension pool starts hunt for outside managers
    6. Workers
       02 Jan 2017, 10:14pm

Comment: Ask John: My business resolution for 2017? Show kindness
       John Timpson
       Premium
    7. uber
       02 Jan 2017, 10:09pm

Meet the brains at Uber, Spotify and Microsoft changing the world
    8. Container ship
       02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm

British businesses 'lack export ambitions' in wake of Brexit vote
    9. The prices in local shops could rise, experts have warned
       02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm

Business rates hike will put up prices in shops, experts warn
   10. Woman stretching
       02 Jan 2017, 9:32pm

Comment: Businesses should resolve to shape up for 2017 too
       Matthew Lynn
       Premium
       Matthew Lynn
   11. For sale signs
       02 Jan 2017, 8:59pm

Landlords fear another crackdown on buy-to-let property investment
   12. Steve Clarke, chief executive of WH Smith in the retailer's
       Victoria Station store
       02 Jan 2017, 8:00pm

WH Smith boss opens up about mental health, coming out and the retailer's
225-year anniversary in first ever interview
   13. Wilfrid Petrie
       02 Jan 2017, 5:24pm

Engie chief sets out UK expansion plans
   14. Theresa May
       02 Jan 2017, 4:40pm

Comment: Article 50 is the prism through which this year must be seen
       Jeremy Warner
       Premium
       Jeremy Warner
   15. First-time buyers may benefit if foreign investors are affected by
       a global downturn in property prices
       02 Jan 2017, 3:23pm

Fears of a 'massive' global property price fall amid 'dangerous' conditions
and market slow-down
   16. The Netherlands led the way with very strong manufacturing growth
       in December
       02 Jan 2017, 1:40pm

Eurozone growth picks up pace to end 2016 on a high
   17. 2017
       02 Jan 2017, 10:46am

Comment: Trump, interest rates and Chinese panic: Why euphoria could turn to
a credit crunch in 2017
       Ambrose Evans-Pritchard
       Premium
       Ambrose Evans-Pritchard
   18. London could be losing its edge as the world's FX trading centre
       02 Jan 2017, 7:00am

Singapore and Hong Kong gain ground as rising currency trading rivals to
London
   19. Pay is expected to pick up next year - but so are prices
       02 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Wage growth set to return in 2017
   20. Vodka poured into glass
       02 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Luxury vodka market grows with the spirit of authenticity
   21. Statue of the figure of justice
       02 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Court rejects Russian extradition bid

   If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in
   Register Log in
      Contact us
      Rewards
      Archive
      Reader Prints
      Advertising
      Syndication
      Guidelines
      Privacy
      Terms and Conditions
      Leave your feedback

   © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
   Matt Ad Blocker Message

Your support makes a big difference

   In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative
   journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by
   advertising.

   Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker.
   Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference.

   Thank you.

   Need help?

   Click here for instructions
   (Submit) Close
<file=34>
   alternate alternate alternate

   mirrorLoad mobile navigation
      News
           UK News
           World News
           Weird News
           Crime
           Real Life Stories
           Health
           Motoring
       Expand
      Politics
      Sport
           Football
           Formula 1
           Boxing
           Cricket
           Horse Racing
           Row Zed
           Rugby Union
           Other Sports
               o Athletics
               o Cycling
               o Darts
               o MMA
               o Wrestling
            Expand
       Expand
      Football
      Celebs
           Celebrity News
           US Gossip
           Fashion  Beauty
           Weird Celeb News
       Expand
      TV  Film
      Weird News
      Technology
      Money
      Travel
      Fashion
      Mums
      Quizzes
      Got a Story?

   Sign in
      My Account
      Sign Out

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      Offers
      Fantasy
      Bingo
      Dating
      Jobs
      BuySell
      Competitions
      Horoscopes
      Psychic
      Cartoons
      Crosswords

      BuySell
      Find a job
      Find a home
      Find a new home
      Find a local business
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Follow Us
      Sell Your Story
      How to Complain
      Corrections  Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Privacy Statement
      Cookie Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror
      Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror
      Irish Mirror
      © 2016 MGN Limited

    1. Home
    2. News
    3. Weird News
    4. Perfume

   News

The weird "warm" body part you should apply perfume to - if you want it to last
                                     longer

Perfume isn't cheap, so if you want better bang for your buck, you need to get
creative with where you spray it

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   ByZahra Mulroy
      13:45, 3 NOV 2016
      Updated08:52, 4 NOV 2016

   News

   Perfume Wrong! (Photo: Getty)

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   Get daily updates directly to your inbox
    (Submit)  Subscribe
   Thank you for subscribing!
   Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email

   Uh oh. Another day, another thing we're failing at as human beings .
   The good news is, this time, it's just cosmetic.

   Whether you regular splash out on and apply your favourite scent, or if
   you tend to just binge sample every perfume in duty free once in a
   while - all together now - you've been doing it wrong.

   Because when we give ourselves a fragrant spritz , we tend to aim for
   the neck or wrists. Maybe behind the ears if you're feeling fancy.

   Bearing in mind scent is not exactly cheap, there is a way you can get
   better bang for your buck - and make you eau de parfums, toilettes and
   colognes go a little further.

It's just that it sounds a little strange.

   For best results, Steven Claisse, a senior perfumer at fragrance
   company Takasago, suggests dabbing a few drops on the bellybutton.

   Woman holding stomach

   Would you give this a try? (Photo: Getty)

   Speaking to the Independent , Steven advises the bellybutton because it
   radiates heat, apparently.

   He told the site, "Any area on your body that radiates heat will
   enhance a scent, and your belly button does just that."

   If dousing your naval in Joop doesn't really tickle your fancy,
   however, Steven also recommends spraying your hair, because it holds
   scent well and leaves an enticing "trail of scent" as you go about your
   daily business.

   The downside of this though, is that you risk drying out your hair.

      Read More

      Smelling bad odours which don't exist is a serious sign you should
       visit the doctor immediately

   Roses

   Finding your scent is one thing, applying it effectively is another
   (Photo: Rex)

   Other good areas are behind your knees, inside your elbows and on your
   inside calves if you're wearing a dress, because of the friction will
   give of warmth - and an enhanced, longer-lasting scent.

   So if the thought of applying perfume to your bellybutton makes you
   feel a little odd, there are other options.

      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Daily Newsletter

      Follow @MirrorWeirdNews

   Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter email
   Subscribe

   Comments
   Show more comments

   More On
      Perfume

      news
      all

      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [Perfume.jpg]
   CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin
   destroys diseased cells
   The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround
   cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help
   develop a cure for cancer
   [Perfume.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [Perfume.jpg]
   PoliceFirst pictures of married British couple found hanged and
   blindfolded in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note'
   Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the
   seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Istanbul nightclub attackIstanbul nightclub ISIS attack: Recap as ISIS
   claims responsibility for gun attack that left 39 dead
   The terrorist went on a shooting rampage with an AK-47 in Reina, one of
   Turkey's most famous nightclubs
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Car crashesMan left with shattered spine after New Year 'drink-driver'
   collides with taxi carrying victim and pals
   Lloyd Jack, 21, who suffered fractured vertebrae, said he was  lucky to
   be alive after the horror crash on the way to a party with friends
   [Perfume.jpg]
   PoliticsTributes planned for centenary of one of World War I's
   bloodiest battles
   The Battle of Passchendaele which saw more than half a million troops
   killed in Belgium, will be commemorated in the summer
   [Perfume.jpg]
   BurglaryThieves steal £5m of gems in midnight New Year's Eve jewellery
   heist after using hammer and wrench to smash their way in
   One source said the three-man raid - carried out at 12.01am on Sunday -
   was possibly an inside job
   [Perfume.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [Perfume.jpg]
   CrimeCaught on camera: 'Goldilocks' intruder who broke in, showered and
   was found sleeping in couple's bed
   A shocked couple returned home to find their bed had been moved into
   the living room - and stranger was inside
      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [Perfume.jpg]
   CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin
   destroys diseased cells
   The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround
   cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help
   develop a cure for cancer
   [Perfume.jpg]
   West Yorkshire PoliceM62 police shooting: Three bullet holes through
   car windscreen at scene where man shot dead on motorway
   West Yorkshire Police said the man died after a police firearm was
   discharged during a "pre-planned operation"
   [Perfume.jpg]
   January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United
   and Liverpool latest as January window opens
   Follow our live blog throughout the day as we deliver all the latest
   news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Lily Allen'I've only ever been sexually assaulted by white males,'
   claims Lily Allen in heated racism row
   The Smile singer was locked in a ferocious war of words on Twitter when
   she made her shocking statement
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Car crashesMan left with shattered spine after New Year 'drink-driver'
   collides with taxi carrying victim and pals
   Lloyd Jack, 21, who suffered fractured vertebrae, said he was  lucky to
   be alive after the horror crash on the way to a party with friends
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Arsenal FCMesut Ozil set to miss Bournemouth clash with Shkodran
   Mustafi in line for return
   Both teams go into this game on the back of wins, following the
   Cherries victory over Swansea and the Gunners triumph over Crystal
   Palace
   [Perfume.jpg]
   PoliticsTributes planned for centenary of one of World War I's
   bloodiest battles
   The Battle of Passchendaele which saw more than half a million troops
   killed in Belgium, will be commemorated in the summer
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Susanna ReidBrave Susanna Reid shares make-up free selfie without
   filters to show stark contrast
   The Good Morning Britain presenter was praised for her honesty in
   before-and-after post
   [Perfume.jpg]
   January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United
   and Liverpool latest as January window opens
   Follow our live blog throughout the day as we deliver all the latest
   news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window

   Top Stories

   [Perfume.jpg]
   BurglaryThieves steal £5m of gems in midnight New Year's Eve jewellery
   heist after using hammer and wrench to smash their way in
   One source said the three-man raid - carried out at 12.01am on Sunday -
   was possibly an inside job
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Facebook'Too many' watched mum collapse and die on Facebook Live but
   did nothing, claim family
   Keiana Herndon, 25, fell ill while live-streaming with her young son -
   but for the next 30 minutes more and more viewers watched
   [Perfume.jpg]
   PoliceYoung British married couple found hanged, blindfolded and gagged
   in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note'
   Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the
   seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia
   [Perfume.jpg]
   TwinsTwins born in separate years thanks to unexpected New Year's Eve
   arrival
   Sawyer and Everett Shay will share a unique bond for th rest of their
   lives - but not the same birthday
   [Perfume.jpg]
   FacebookGrateful mum tracks down waitress who calmed down her screaming
   toddler to say thank you
   Bonnie Beck told how waitress Kelly Niblett helped entertain her
   two-year-old Roman when he was "royally kicking off" in a restaurant
   [Perfume.jpg]
   CrimeCaught on camera: 'Goldilocks' intruder who broke in, showered and
   was found sleeping in couple's bed
   A shocked couple returned home to find their bed had been moved into
   the living room - and stranger was inside
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Fire DepartmentFirst picture of tragic teen among four siblings killed
   and six injured in poison gas accident
   Yasmeen Balderas, 17, Josue Balderas, 11, Johnnie Balderas, nine, and
   Felipe Balderas, seven, all died in the horrific incident
   [Perfume.jpg]
   New Year's honoursOutrage as last Dambuster ignored in New Year's
   honours but Cameron's cronies rewarded
   George 'Johnny' Johnson, 94, ignored while Tory donors given accolades
   [Perfume.jpg]
   DietEnglish children eat half their sugar allowance at breakfast
   because of sweet-ladened cereals
   Sugary cereals, fruit juice and some spreads are to blame, according to
   Public Health England
   [Perfume.jpg]
   RailwaysUK rail fares take up 14 of our pay.. in France it’s just two
   per cent
   Fares  here have gone up over 50 in the last ten years while earnings
   have only gone up 24
   [Perfume.jpg]
   Car crashesMum's warning after horror car smash on icy road left her
   choking on seatbelt in flipped vehicle
   Hazel Edgar was travelling between Ballymena and Antrim in Northern
   Ireland when another car lost control and smashed into her Dacia Duster
   jeep
   [Perfume.jpg]
   TerrorismIstanbul nightclub shooting suspect smirks in sinister video
   selfie before 39 killed in ISIS massacre
   The suspect stares into the lens as he films himself in a busy shopping
   street in Istanbul before an ISIS killer massacred dozens on New Year's
   Eve

      News
      Politics
      Football
      Sport
      Celebs
      TV  Film
      Weird News
      Quizzes
      Technology
      Money
      Travel
      Fashion
      Mums
      Motoring

Follow us

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      BuySell
      Find a job
      Find a home
      Find a new home
      Find a local business
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Follow Us
      Sell Your Story
      How to Complain
      Corrections  Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Privacy Statement
      Cookie Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror
      Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror
      Irish Mirror
      © 2016 MGN Limited
     

   This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with
   this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie
   choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

   one pixel graphics
<file=35>
   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online Femail
   RSS feed Latest Femail Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
          Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      Femail
      Fashion Finder
      Food
      Femail Boards
      Beauty
      Gardening
      Deals
      Blogs
      Baby Blog

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

Did she escape from the Birdcage? Woman's fluffy orange suit takes first
prize in the punters who missed the mark competition at Flemington

      The Melbourne Cup is always a stylish occasion, with spectators
       glamming up to the nines ahead of the race
      Melbourne Cup 2016 didn't disappoint, with many punters donning
       weird and wonderful outfits
      Some of the strangest ensembles were first through the gates at
       8.30am on Tuesday morning
      Among the costumes on show are a fluffy, orange two-piece suit, a
       witch's costume and a tartan kilt
      The race will kick off at 3pm on Tuesday afternoon - it is attended
       by more than 100,000 people

   By Sophie Haslett For Daily Mail Australia

   Published: 02:37 GMT, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 05:39 GMT, 1 November
   2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   170 shares

   12

   View
   comments

   For the style set, the Melbourne Cup is an opportunity to flex their
   sartorial muscles and show the nation what their fashion nous is made
   of.

   And though thousands of impeccably-dressed, stylish race-goers descend
   on Flemington every year, there are always just as many who turn up as
   if they're still rocking their Halloween costumes.

   And this year's bizarre punters' outfits have not disappointed so far.

   From co-ordinating superhero suits to glammed-up spectators sporting
   fishnet tights and feathered headpieces, and even one woman sporting an
   all-fluffy, all-orange trouser suit, Melbourne Cup 2016 once more
   showed it is as much a celebration of fashion as it is the weird and
   the wonderful.
   Dressing up? Excited punters flooded the gates as early as 8.30am on
   Tuesday for the Melbourne Cup 2016 - and the fashion didn't disappoint
   - one punter opted for an all-orange, fluffy suit (pictured) Dressing
   up? Excited punters flooded the gates as early as 8.30am on Tuesday for
   the Melbourne Cup 2016 - and the fashion didn't disappoint - one punter
   opted for an all-orange, fluffy suit (pictured)
   Another donned a witch's hat, statement sunglasses and tulle (pictured)
   Another donned a witch's hat, statement sunglasses and tulle (pictured)

   Dressing up? Excited punters flooded the gates as early as 8.30am on
   Tuesday for the Melbourne Cup 2016 - and the fashion didn't disappoint
   - one punter opted for an all-orange, fluffy suit (left), while another
   donned a witch's hat and tulle (right)
   Ghoulish: A scary-looking group posed for photos in Halloween-inspired
   costumes (pictured) Ghoulish: A scary-looking group posed for photos in
   Halloween-inspired costumes (pictured)

   Ghoulish: A scary-looking group posed for photos in Halloween-inspired
   costumes (pictured)
   Matchy matchy: One all-male group sported co-ordinating superhero suits
   (pictured), which they paired with sunglasses and wry smiles for the
   occaison Matchy matchy: One all-male group sported co-ordinating
   superhero suits (pictured), which they paired with sunglasses and wry
   smiles for the occaison

   Matchy matchy: One all-male group sported co-ordinating superhero suits
   (pictured), which they paired with sunglasses and wry smiles for the
   occaison
   Glammed up: Another ladies' group opted for red feather boas,
   heart-shaped sunglasses, fishnet tights and matching black wigs, before
   they set up camp to enjoy the day's proceedings  Glammed up: Another
   ladies' group opted for red feather boas, heart-shaped sunglasses,
   fishnet tights and matching black wigs, before they set up camp to
   enjoy the day's proceedings

   Glammed up: Another ladies' group opted for red feather boas,
   heart-shaped sunglasses, fishnet tights and matching black wigs, before
   they set up camp to enjoy the day's proceedings
   Bizarre: Some of the first excited punters through the gates at 8.30am
   on Tuesday were some of the most strangely dressed - one couple opted
   for matching headpieces  Bizarre: Some of the first excited punters
   through the gates at 8.30am on Tuesday were some of the most strangely
   dressed - one couple opted for matching headpieces

   Bizarre: Some of the first excited punters through the gates at 8.30am
   on Tuesday were some of the most strangely dressed - one couple opted
   for matching headpieces

   Some of the first excited punters through the gates at 8.30am on
   Tuesday were some of the most strangely dressed.

   One woman channelled a Big Bird aesthetic, thanks to her all-fluffy,
   all-orange outfit, while another opted for a witch's hat, purple
   sunglasses and what looked to be stockings on her arms - presumably the
   remnants from her Halloween costume from Monday night.

   Others came dressed according to the time of year, too, such as one
   group who rocked ghoulish attire, face paint and stockings.

   Another group of women sported identikit black wigs, red feather boas,
   fishnet tights and heart-shaped sunglasses.

   One eccentric fashion lover even donned a huge hat featuring elements
   from the Melbourne Cup as details - including horses, jockeys, foliage
   and spectators.
   Creative: A giant set of wings set one punter apart (pictured)
   Creative: A giant set of wings set one punter apart (pictured)

   Creative: A giant set of wings set one punter apart (pictured)
   Unusual: One woman's incredibly detailed, bizarre headpiece caught eyes
   - featuring both jockeys, horses, spectators and foliage, it was a
   sight to behold Unusual: One woman's incredibly detailed, bizarre
   headpiece caught eyes - featuring both jockeys, horses, spectators and
   foliage, it was a sight to behold

   Unusual: One woman's incredibly detailed, bizarre headpiece caught eyes
   - featuring both jockeys, horses, spectators and foliage, it was a
   sight to behold
   Going green: One couple sported matching green outfits (pictured),
   ahead of the most prestigious race of the Spring Racing season Going
   green: One couple sported matching green outfits (pictured), ahead of
   the most prestigious race of the Spring Racing season

   Going green: One couple sported matching green outfits (pictured),
   ahead of the most prestigious race of the Spring Racing season
   One does both: It wasn't just the women cracking out their finest
   attire for the most prestigious race of the Spring Racing season One
   does both: It wasn't just the women cracking out their finest attire
   for the most prestigious race of the Spring Racing season
   Flemington's men were also dressed to the nines in creative attire
   (pictured) Flemington's men were also dressed to the nines in creative
   attire (pictured)

   One does both: It wasn't just the women cracking out their finest
   attire for the most prestigious race of the Spring Racing season -
   Flemington's men were also dressed to the nines in creative attire
   (pictured)
   Revealing: While some covered up, others left little to the imagination
   (pictured) Revealing: While some covered up, others left little to the
   imagination (pictured)
   Revealing: While some covered up, others left little to the imagination
   (pictured) Revealing: While some covered up, others left little to the
   imagination (pictured)

   Revealing: While some covered up, others left little to the imagination
   (pictured)

   It wasn't just the women cracking out their finest attire for the most
   prestigious race of the Spring Racing season , either.

   Flemington's men were also dressed to the nines in honour of the
   occasion.

   While a group of four males sported co-ordinating two piece, superhero
   suits, another punter painted his face and paired a singlet-style top
   with a tartan sash and kilt.

   Another group seemed to be dressed as jockeys, complete with yellow
   shirts, bow ties and orange headpieces.
   Confused: Another person had his face completely covered, while other
   punters didn't bat an eyelid (pictured) Confused: Another person had
   his face completely covered, while other punters didn't bat an eyelid
   (pictured)

   Confused: Another person had his face completely covered, while other
   punters didn't bat an eyelid (pictured)
   Brave heart: One jovial man stole the attentions of many, thanks to his
   tartan sash, kilt, and painted face (pictured) Brave heart: One jovial
   man stole the attentions of many, thanks to his tartan sash, kilt, and
   painted face (pictured)

   Brave heart: One jovial man stole the attentions of many, thanks to his
   tartan sash, kilt, and painted face (pictured)
   Ready to go: Another group of male friends dressed as jockeys, with
   yellow shirts, pink bow ties and orange headpieces (pictured) Ready to
   go: Another group of male friends dressed as jockeys, with yellow
   shirts, pink bow ties and orange headpieces (pictured)

   Ready to go: Another group of male friends dressed as jockeys, with
   yellow shirts, pink bow ties and orange headpieces (pictured)
   Having fun: Entertainers had a joyous time in fluffy socks and scarves
   (pictured) Having fun: Entertainers had a joyous time in fluffy socks
   and scarves (pictured)

   Having fun: Entertainers had a joyous time in fluffy socks and scarves
   (pictured)
   Covering up: One man covered up in white and a white headpiece
   (pictured) Covering up: One man covered up in white and a white
   headpiece (pictured)
   Another opted for an extremely colourful ensemble (pictured) Another
   opted for an extremely colourful ensemble (pictured)

   Covering up: One man covered up in white and a white headpiece (left) -
   another opted for an extremely colourful ensemble (right)

   The 3,200-metre race kicks off at 3pm on Tuesday and is the most
   prestigious race of the Spring Racing season.

   Attended by close to 100,000 people from all over the country, it is
   known as 'the race that stops the nation'.

   The Melbourne Cup is also widely perceived to be one of the richest
   prizes in Australian sport.

Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     
      170
       shares

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
<file=36>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › books

      art  design
      stage
      classical
      film
      tv  radio
      music
      games

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Short stories
   The Observer

The Visiting Privilege by Joy Williams review – weird and wonderful

   These singular stories, spanning 40 years, reveal why the American is
   unparalleled in creating worlds where humour and horror coexist

   Joy Williams in Tucson, Arizona, 1987

   ‘Things go terribly wrong in her world’: Joy Williams in Tucson,
   Arizona, 1987. Photograph: Lois Shelton, courtesy of the University of
   Arizona Poetry Center. Copyright: Arizona Board of Regents

   Geoff Dyer

   Sunday 30 October 2016 08.00 GMT Last modified on Wednesday 9 November
   2016 17.55 GMT
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

   In an unexpected burst of enthusiasm in The Trouble With Being Born, EM
   Cioran declares that everything by Emily Brontë “has the capacity to
   overwhelm me. Haworth is my Mecca.”

   I feel the same about the American writer Joy Williams, it’s just that
   this Mecca is not so easy to locate. Now 72, she seems to spend her
   time in Key West, Tucson and points in between. The stories drift all
   over the US, with occasional forays south of the border. In one set in
   Tallahassee, Florida, a young woman called Audrey is telling her friend
   Tommy about Wuthering Heights. “Everything’s in that book,” she says.
   To which Tommy replies: “Tell me the whole book.” That, I guess, is
   what I’m supposed to do here. But how to tell the whole of a 500-page
   collection of stories spanning more than 40 years? Especially when I
   really want to just exclaim, “Oh, Oh, OH!” in a state of steadily
   mounting rapture.

     A thesis will one day be written on all the dogs in Williams’s work

   So let’s start with a variant of that. Overhearing an adopted baby’s
   first attempt as speech as “uh-oh”, the narrator of Lorrie Moore’s A
   Gate at the Stairs concludes that “she already knew both the sound and
   language of things going wrong”. Things go terribly wrong in Williams’s
   world, as wrong as they do in Flannery O’Connor. In Congress, to take a
   mid-period example, Jack, a forensic anthropologist, is asked to
   examine a hand discovered in the stomach of a shark off the Gulf Coast
   of Florida. His conclusions could hardly be more drastic: “The shark
   was most certainly attracted to the rings on this hand. This is a
   teen’s hand. She was small, perhaps even a legal midget, and well
   nourished. She was a loner, adventurous, not well educated and probably
   unemployed. Odds are the rings were stolen. She would certainly have
   done herself a favour by passing up the temptation of those rings.”

   Then Carl, a student of Jack’s and a keen hunter, gives him four cured
   deer feet with the suggestion that he make a lamp out of them. This
   seems a fine idea to Jack who not only makes the lamp but also gets
   into hunting, with bow and arrow. Unfortunately, on one of these
   expeditions, he falls from a tree and one of his own arrows “passes
   through his eye and into his head like a knife thrust into a
   cantaloupe”. Severely disabled, as one might expect, “he tended to
   resemble, if left to his own devices, a large white appliance”.

   Carl devotes himself to the invalid’s care while Jack’s wife, Miriam,
   develops an intimate friendship with the lamp – despite a few
   disagreements. “The lamp had witnessed a smattering of Kierkegaard and
   felt strongly that thought should never be confused with existence.”
   Adapting to this new situation, the four of them – Carl, Miriam, Jack
   and the lamp – take a road trip together. The car breaks down and they
   end up in a small town where there’s a museum of taxidermy – after
   which things get very weird indeed.

   It’s a moot point whether Williams’s stories have gotten weirder or
   less weird (in terms of form, not just content) since sustained
   immersion in them so thoroughly recalibrates notions of what a story
   might be that faithful transcription of the real takes on the quality
   of full-blown dementia – and vice-versa. All the while – and this is
   crucial – Williams displays the observational sensitivity and
   subtleness of less wayward masters of the genre. Even a glimpse can
   yield a full portrait: “She was tall and dishevelled and looked the
   very picture of someone who recently had ceased to be cherished.”

   So after Dwight, the proud owner of a restored but rusty Ford
   Thunderbird, takes the car to a garage with his wife, Lucy, it seems
   quite natural for the mechanic’s prognosis to morph into something way
   beyond an estimate of parts and labour: “Rot like this cannot be
   stayed. This brings us to the question, What is man? with its three
   subdivisions, What can he know? What ought he do? What may he hope?
   Questions which concern us all, even you, little lady.” Reconciled to
   the car’s terminal lack of roadworthiness Dwight installs it in their
   living room.

   ‘Observational sensitivity and subtleness’: Joy Williams in 2015

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   ‘Observational sensitivity and subtleness’: Joy Williams in 2015.

   There’s a bunch of other stuff I haven’t mentioned: that Dwight had
   decided Lucy would be his wife when he was 25 and she was a
   four-month-old baby; that one of Dwight’s old girlfriends had recently
   suffered the amputation of a leg – which “was in ashes in a church
   garden, waiting for the rest of her” – and that there’s a vignette of a
   snorkelling trip in a cove so overpopulated with tourists that “the
   fish could scarcely be seen for all the suntan oil floating in the
   water”.

   Oh, and there’s a dog, naturally. A thesis will one day be written on
   all the dogs in Williams’s work. In one of the earliest stories a
   mother and daughter are desperate to take home a dog advertised for
   adoption because, as the mum explains, the kid lost her own dog the
   week before. “Kicked to death by one of the horses. Must have broken
   every bone in his fluffy little body.”

   On the up side, Turner, a dog that has fallen overboard on a ferry
   crossing, is miraculously plucked from the waves and reunited with its
   grateful owners – who then announce that it’s not Turner after all and
   leave the boat to heckles. Witnessing the rejection of this poor
   creature, a witness concludes: “I never saw a dog looked more like
   another dog in my life.”

   So, yes, light turns to dark and dark to light but the distinction is
   hard to sustain. Three quick examples: “Suddenly, there was a deceptive
   light in the darkness. A light that blackly reminded the lonely of the
   darkness.” “The sky had pieces of black running through it, like
   something that had died during the night.” “Daylight was just beginning
   to flourish on the city of Jacksonville. It fell without prejudice on
   the slaughterhouse, Dairy Queens and courthouses, on the car lots,
   Sabal palms and a billboard advertisement for pies.”

   Is there perhaps an echo of the famous description of snow falling at
   the end of Joyce’s story The Dead here? And when Constance descends the
   stairs after a long anticipated visit to the lighthouse – “She did not
   know, exactly, what it was she had expected but it had certainly not
   been 18 black heavy-duty truck batteries” – is there maybe a deadpan
   allusion to Virginia Woolf?

   I can’t be sure but I can say, with confidence, that as a writer of
   dialogue her only peer is Don DeLillo (a fan, naturally). Take this
   little exchange, from the title story, between a visitor to a mental
   hospital and a patient who tells her about a room-mate:

   “‘She attacked this guy. She gouged out one of his eyes with a spoon.’

   ‘She gouged it out?’

   ‘I didn’t think it could be done, but boy, she knew how to do it.’”

   At which point, since we’re hearing echoes and dropping names, we may
   as well go real big and cite G Wilson Knight’s essay King Lear and the
   Comedy of the Grotesque, for while Williams’s imaginative world is
   ravaged with “existential horror”, it is simultaneously redeemed by
   ravishing hilarity. As a character decides at the end of the story
   Fortune: “Things had to be funny.” Or as Mr Muirhead explains to his
   daughter when she asks if they were really selling postcards of the
   grotesquely preserved mummies at a cemetery museum in Mexico: “Yes,
   sweetie pie, they were. In this world there is a postcard of
   everything. That’s the kind of world this is.”

   Geoff Dyer’s latest book, White Sands, is published by Canongate. The
   Visiting Privilege is published by Tuskar Rock (£16.99). Click here to
   buy it for £13.93
     

   More reviews

Topics

      Short stories
      Fiction
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio
           music
           games
           books selected
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › Books
      › Short stories

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=37>
    alternate alternate

   2

   Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off

   Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post

   Turn on desktop notifications?
   Yes Not now

   It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update
   your browser permissions to allow them.
   [notificationdeniedv1.png]
   The Washington Post
      
      Sections
     

      Sign In
      Username
      Subscribe

    (Submit)
      Accessibility for screenreader
      Home Page
       U.S.  World | Regional
      Politics
           PowerPost
           The Fix
           White House
           Courts and Law
           Polling
           Monkey Cage
           Fact Checker
           Post Politics Blog
      Opinions
           The Post's View
           Toles Cartoons
           Telnaes Animations
           Local Opinions
           Global Opinions
           Letters to the Editor
           Act Four
           All Opinions Are Local
           Book Party
           Compost
           Erik Wemple
           Five Myths
           In Theory
           The Plum Line
           PostEverything
           PostPartisan
           Rampage
           Right Turn
           The Watch
           Volokh Conspiracy
           The Missing Debate
      Sports
           Redskins
           NFL
           MLB
           NBA
           NHL
           AllMetSports
           Soccer
           Boxing/MMA
           College Sports
           College Football
           College Basketball
           D.C. Sports Bog
           Early Lead
           Fancy Stats
           Golf
           Tennis
           Fantasy Sports
      Local
           D.C.
           Maryland
           Virginia
           Public Safety
           Education
           Obituaries
           Transportation
           Weather
      National
           Acts of Faith
           Health and Science
           National Security
           Investigations
           Morning Mix
           Post Nation
           True Crime
           Obituaries
      World
           Africa
           The Americas
           Asia and Pacific
           Europe
           Middle East
           National Security
           WorldViews
           Checkpoint
      Business
           Wonkblog
           On Leadership
           Personal Finance
           Digger
           Energy and Environment
           Markets
           On Small Business
           World Business
           Capital Business
      Tech
           Innovations
           The Switch
      Lifestyle
           Arts and Entertainment
           Advice
           Carolyn Hax
           Food
           Travel
           Wellness
           Magazine
           Home and Garden
           Inspired Life
           Fashion
           KidsPost
           On Parenting
           Reliable Source
           The Intersect
           Solo-ish
      Entertainment
           Books
           Comics
           Comic Riffs
           Going Out Guide
           Horoscopes
           Movies
           Museums
           Music
           Puzzles and Games
           Theater and Dance
           TV
           Restaurants
           Bars  Clubs
      Crosswords
      Video
           World
           Top News
           Entertainment
           Local
           Popular Video
           Politics
           Live
           Sports
           Opinions
           National
           Business
           Technology
           Style
      Photography
           In Sight
      Washington Post Live
           Events
      Live Chats
      Real Estate
           Rentals
           Where We Live
           Recently Sold Homes
      Cars
      Jobs
      Classifieds
      Partners
           Express
           Parade
      WP BrandStudio

      washingtonpost.com
      1996-2017 The Washington Post
      Terms of Service
      Privacy Policy
      Submissions and Discussion Policy
      RSS Terms of Service
      Ad Choices

   The Washington Post
   Share on Facebook
   Share on Twitter
   Share on Google Plus
   Share via Email
   Share on LinkedIn
   Share on Pinterest
   Share on Tumblr
   Resize Text
   Print Article
   Comments

   The inside track on Washington politics.
   Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to
   follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.
   You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is
   published.
   You’re all set!
    Sign up

   Invalid email address
   Got it
   Got it
   Early Lead

LSU will upset Alabama, if you believe in weird historical coincidences

   The inside track on Washington politics.
   Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to
   follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.
   You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is
   published.
   You’re all set!
    Sign up

   Invalid email address
   Got it
   Got it
   By Matt Bonesteel November 4, 2016 Follow @MattBonesteel
   [CollegeFootballPicks-a54ab.jpgamp;w=480]
   Alabama Coach Nick Saban and LSU interim coach Ed Orgeron. (Associated
   Press)

   No. 13 LSU hosts No. 1 Alabama on Saturday night with a chance to snap
   its five-game losing streak to the Crimson Tide and give interim coach
   Ed Orgeron a huge accomplishment to put on his résumé should he seek a
   permanent job as the Tigers’ coach. LSU is listed as just a 7.5-point
   home underdog, which is something considering that the Tigers fired Les
   Miles earlier this year, Alabama hasn’t been favored by less than 10
   points all season and the Crimson Tide has won all but one game by at
   least 19 points.

   [College football TV schedule and preview: Can LSU’s Leonard Fournette
   finally solve Alabama?]

   But LSU definitely has a chance here, and not simply because running
   back Leonard Fournette is once again a human wrecking ball. Consider
   the following, as noted by MasterShake on LSU’s 247 Sports message
   board:

   In 1997 …

   — There were two NFL games that ended in ties.

   — The Cleveland Indians advanced to the World Series, losing the
   seventh game in extra innings.

   In 2016 . ..

   — There have been two NFL games that ended in ties, for the first time
   since 1997.

   — The Cleveland Indians advanced to the World Series for the first time
   since 1997, losing the seventh game in extra innings.

   That’s noteworthy because also in 1997, No. 1 Florida came to Death
   Valley averaging nearly 50 points per game. The Gators had beaten their
   five previous opponents by an average of 36 points per game.

   Final score: No. 14 LSU 28, No. 1 Florida 21.

   If only this year’s Tigers were ranked 14th in the AP or College
   Football Playoff polls to complete the coincidence. They are No. 14 in
   the coaches’ poll, however. Spooky.

   sports

   early-lead

   Get the top Olympics news by email

   Major news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox as it
   happens.

   postnewsletter333

   magnet-olympics2016

   true

   endOfArticle

   false

   Please provide a valid email address.
   
   (Submit) Sign up
   You’re all set!
   See all newsletters

   sports

   early-lead

   Follow Team USA through the Olympics

   The top news as Americans compete, delivered to your inbox as it
   happens.

   postnewsletter352

   magnet-teamusa

   false

   after3th

   false

   Please provide a valid email address.
   
   (Submit) Sign up
   You’re all set!
   See all newsletters
   Comments
       Share on FacebookShare
        Share on TwitterTweet
      Share via Email

   After spending the first 17 years of his Post career writing and
   editing, Matt and the printed paper had an amicable divorce in 2014.
   He's now blogging and editing for the Early Lead and The Post's other
   Web-based products.
   Follow @MattBonesteel
   Show Comments
   Discussion Policy
   0 Comments

   SuperFan Badge

   SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about
   Washington area sports and teams.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Culture Connoisseur Badge

   Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely
   comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Fact Checker Badge

   Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact
   Checker.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Washingtologist Badge

   Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments
   on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Post Writer Badge

   This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.

   Post Forum Badge

   Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely
   comments on politics, national and international affairs.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Weather Watcher Badge

   Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments
   on climates and forecasts.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   World Watcher Badge

   World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on
   international affairs.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Post Contributor Badge

   This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors
   aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases,
   contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.

   More about badges | Request a badge

   Post Recommended

   Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader
   post.

   You must be logged in to report a comment.
   Sign in here

   You must be logged in to recommend a comment.
   Sign in here

   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed
   in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies
   to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.

   All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
   More about badges
   Get a badge

   To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If
   paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that
   have come in.
   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed
   in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies
   to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
      Spam
      Offensive
      Disagree
      Off-Topic

   Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by
   users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by
   moderators.
     
           Facebook
           Twitter
           Reddit
           StumbleUpon
           Digg
           Delicious

                        Washington Post Subscriptions

    Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢.

                  A limited time offer for Apple Pay users.

   Buy with

   Cancel anytime

     $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply.
     By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products
                       Terms of Sale  Privacy Policy.

   Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢.

   Most Read
      1
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Lane Kiffin thought he’d be back at Alabama, but Nick Saban had
       other ideas
      2
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Bills’ Reggie Bush sets saddest NFL rushing record in the books
      3
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       NFL’s ‘Black Monday’ gives way to weirdness with the Bills, Colts,
       49ers, Broncos
      4
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Kirk Cousins, ready to negotiate, won’t be Mr. Nice Guy any longer
      5
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=60amp;h=60amp;filter=nearestfmt=
       png]
       [spacer.gifamp;op=resizeamp;w=138amp;h=92amp;filter=nearestfmt
       =png]
       Southern Cal outlasts Penn State in a Rose Bowl for the ages

   Our Online Games

   Play right from this page

Mahjongg Dimensions

   Strategy game

Spider Solitaire

   Card game

Mahjongg Candy

   Strategy game

Word Wipe

   Word game

   sports

   early-lead

   Success! Check your inbox for details.
    Add
   Sign me up

   Please enter a valid email address

   You might also like:
   []

   []

   []

   (Submit) Sign Up (Submit) No Thanks

   See all newsletters

   Stats, scores and schedules
      MLB
      Scores
      Standings
      Statistics

      NFL
      Scores
      Standings
      Statistics

      NBA
      Scores
      Standings
      Statistics

      NHL
      Scores
      Standings
      Statistics

   Close video player
   Now Playing

   [p?c1=2c2=3005617cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=38>
    alternate alternate TIME WordPress.com

   TIME

Time.com

   MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE
   Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment
   Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas
   Parents TIME Labs
   Money LIFE The Daily Cut
   Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room
   The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices
   The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World
   Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy
   Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices Ad Choices
   RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site
   Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.

U.S.

   MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE

   MORE
   (Submit) U.S. Edition
      U.S. Edition
      Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition
      Asia Edition
      South Pacific Edition

Turkish Police Have Released Images of the Suspected New Year’s Attacker

Israeli Police Question Prime Minister Netanyahu Over Corruption Allegation

Gas Poisoning at a Texas Home Kills Four Children and Injures Six Others

The Pope Calls On Bishops to Maintain ‘Zero Tolerance’ for Child Abuse

Donald Trump Says North Korea’s Long-Range Nuclear Missile ‘Won’t Happen’

‘I Just Let Him Shoot Me’: American Caught in Turkey Nightclub Attack Played
Dead to Survive

Chef Says Dude Ranch Owner Asked Him to Cook ‘Black People Food’

Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Handle Being President

At Least 56 Inmates Killed in Brazil Prison Riot

50 Years Ago This Week: How Young People Changed the World

   TIME U.S. georgia

Teen Wakes Up From Coma Speaking Fluent Spanish: ‘It Was Weird’

      Melissa Chan @melissalchan

   Oct. 24, 2016
   SHARE

"My son is awake, I don’t care what language he’s speaking"

    READ ARTICLE

   A Georgia teenager who suffered a life-threatening head injury last
   month while playing soccer awoke from a coma speaking fluent Spanish
   for the first time in his life.

   Rueben Nsemoh, 16, shocked family members and doctors when he opened
   his eyes after a three-day coma and began uttering sentences in
   Spanish, despite having known only a few words before his accident.

   “It started flowing out,” the teen told TIME on Monday. “I felt like it
   was like second nature for me. I wasn’t speaking my English right, and
   every time I tried to speak it I would have a seizure.”

   “It was weird,” Rueben added. “It was not scary at all. I actually
   liked it a lot. It was really unique to me.”

   Another teenager accidentally kicked Rueben on the right side of his
   head during a game on Sept. 24 after Rueben dove for a loose ball, he
   said.

   Rueben, an aspiring professional soccer player, suffered a severe
   concussion, went into shock and had to be airlifted to a hospital,
   according to his mother, Dorah Nsemoh.

   Days after being treated in the intensive care unit, Rueben finally
   started stirring again. He began moving his hand and gesturing for
   food. And then he blurted out: “Tengo hambre,” or “I am hungry” in
   Spanish.

   “I was very shocked. That’s something he’s never done before. When he
   got up and he started speaking Spanish, I was confused,” said Nsemoh, a
   54-year-old high school teacher who is from Nigeria.

   Nsemoh then ran out of the room to find help and brought back a nurse.
   “A nurse asked me what language does he speak. I said, ‘I speak
   English. He speaks English. We’re not Spanish-based people,’” Nsemoh
   said.

   Doctors have not told the family why Rueben woke up speaking perfect
   Spanish, although they have sought consultation with a neurologist.

   It’s not unprecedented for patients to start speaking a different
   language or using different accents after a major trauma. In June, a
   Texas woman made headlines after she had surgery on her lower jaw and
   then suddenly started speaking with a British accent.

   That case was diagnosed as foreign accent syndrome, a very rare
   condition in which people speak with a different accent, usually after
   head trauma or stroke, according to CNN. Severe cases of Traumatic
   Brain Injury (TBI) and concussions can also cause changes in language
   function, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

   Rueben says he could recite just a few phrases in Spanish before his
   accident. The only ways he had heard Spanish were from his brother, who
   had previously studied in Spain, and his Spanish-speaking teammates.

   In the weeks after the accident, Rueben gradually recovered the ability
   to speak English, and now he speaks both languages fluently, although
   he says the Spanish has begun to fade.

   Doctors say Rueben’s brain scans suggest he will fully heal, but the
   family has been overwhelmed by mounting medical bills in the $250,000
   range, Nsemoh said. A GoFundMe page for Rueben has collected more than
   $11,000 to go toward the teen’s medical costs.

   “Definitely, it’s a miracle,” Nsemoh said. “My son is awake, I don’t
   care what language he’s speaking. Whatever went on, he’s alive today
   and I believe 100 percent in recovery.”

Read Next

   Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at
   http://update.microsoft.com

      Home
      U.S.
      Politics
      World
      Business
      Tech
      Health
      Science
      Entertainment
      Newsfeed
      Living
      Ideas
      Parents
      Sports
      History
      The TIME Vault
      Magazine
      Subscribe
      Give a Gift
      TIME Shop
      Press Room
      Newsletters
      Customer Service
      Site Map
      Privacy Policy
      Your California Privacy Rights
      Terms of Use
      Advertising
      Ad Choices Ad Choices
      Careers

   © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
     

YOU BROKE TIME.COM!

   Dear TIME Reader,
   As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great
   journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has
   great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we
   cover our costs is through advertising.
   The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you
   with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so
   that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have
   become accustomed to.
   The TIME Team

   [p?c1=2c2=6035728c3=c4=c5=c6=c15=cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=39>
   publisher alternate

   (Submit) Close

   Skip to main content

   sign in
      Comment activity
      Edit profile
      Email preferences
      Change password
      Sign out

   become a supporter subscribe
   search
   jobs
   dating
   more

from the guardian:

      dating
      jobs

change edition:

      switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU
       edition

   International
      switch to the UK edition
      switch to the US edition
      switch to the Australia edition

   The Guardian
      home
      › culture
      › classical

      film
      tv  radio
      music
      games
      books
      art  design
      stage

      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   browse all sections close

   Adelaide festival 2017

Adelaide festival 2017 program: Cate Blanchett and Shakespeare get dark,
weird and surreal

   Program spanning opera, film, dance, music, performance art and theatre
   to feature Rufus Wainwright’s ‘symphonic visual concert’ and Neil
   Armfield’s outdoor production of The Secret River

   Cate Blanchett in Del Kathryn Barton’s short film Red

   Cate Blanchett in Del Kathryn Barton’s spider-inspired short film Red,
   which is premiering at Adelaide festival. 2017 Photograph: Adelaide
   festival

   Steph Harmon

   Steph Harmon
   @stephharmon

   Thursday 27 October 2016 03.47 BST Last modified on Thursday 27 October
   2016 05.07 BST
      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      (Submit) View more sharing options
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

   Canadian-American singer Rufus Wainwright, Australian theatre
   production The Secret River, Barrie Kosky’s production of Handel’s
   opera Saul and a film by artist Del Kathryn Barton starring Cate
   Blanchett mark the highlights of 2017’s Adelaide festival.

   The March festival is the first under the co-artistic direction of
   Rachel Healy and Neil Armfield, who worked together for almost a decade
   at Sydney’s Belvoir St Theatre.

   The program for the 2017 Adelaide festival, which is run concurrently
   with Adelaide fringe, Adelaide writers’ week and Womadelaide, is a
   celebration of the dark, weird and surreal. Thursday’s announcement
   also featured details of new festival hub the Riverbank Palais, which
   will float on the river Torrens throughout March.

Adelaide festival to revive historic floating venue on river Torrens

   Read more

   Andrew Bovell’s adaptation of Kate Grenville’s The Secret River,
   directed by Armfield himself, is set to be one of the festival
   highlights. The stunning first contact story, which won six Helpmann
   awards, will be remounted at the Anstey Hill quarry, a natural outdoor
   amphitheatre. “We’re bringing in a sense of ownership for the Kaurna
   people, given that this is happening on Kaurna land,” Armfield said.

   The festival will also feature the Australian premiere of Red, a new
   short film by two-time Archibald prize-winning painter Del Kathryn
   Barton and starring Cate Blanchett. The film is inspired by the bizarre
   mating ritual of the redback spider, whose males offer themselves up to
   the female as a post-coital meal, and has been described as “a
   surrealist cinematic offering and a savage tale of female power”.

   Lars Eidinger as King Richard in Richard III

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Lars Eidinger as King Richard in Richard III, directed by Thomas
   Ostermeier for Schaubühne Berlin, and showing at the Adelaide festival.
   Photograph: Arno Declair

   Adelaide will also be treated to Rufus Wainwright’s “symphonic visual
   concert” Prima Donna, which will be matched with highlights from Rufus
   Does Judy, the artist’s recreation of Judy Garland’s 1961 Carnegie Hall
   concert which has never been performed outside of the iconic venue; UK
   company Complicite’s immersive theatre experience The Encounter, which
   is also part of Sydney festival’s 2017 program; and Schaubühne Berlin’s
   strange, sinister and adrenaline-filled production of Richard III,
   directed by Thomas Ostermeier, which Healy said was suitable “for
   anyone who’s fearful that Shakespeare is usually served up lukewarm”.

Thomas Ostermeier: Richard III? He's a rock star, a standup comedian

   Read more

   Richard III follows on from the company’s production of Hamlet, which
   played at 2010’s Sydney festival. The lead performance by Lars
   Eidinger, who also played the title role in Hamlet, has been described
   as “mesmerising”.

   Healy and Armfield also pointed to Betroffenheit, a new dance work
   about the experience and aftermath of grief by rising dance star
   Crystal Pite and Canadian theatremaker Jonathon Young, who lost his
   daughter as well as a niece and a nephew in a cabin fire in 2009. Healy
   described the piece, which received a five-star review in the Guardian,
   as “one of the most memorable and affecting pieces of work that I can
   remember seeing”.

   Crystal Pite and Jonathon Young’s Betroffenheit

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Memorable and affecting: Crystal Pite and Jonathon Young’s
   Betroffenheit. Photograph: Michael Slobodian

   In Lebanese-British artist Tania El Khoury’s sound installation Gardens
   Speak, audiences will literally dig into the soil to hear the stories
   of 10 Syrians who lost their lives in the civil war.

   Italian intersex performer Silvia Calderoni will blur fiction with
   biography and performance art with monologue in MDLSX, an exploration
   of gender fluidity and identity. Armfield, who saw MDLSX in Rome,
   called it an “amazing performance” but one that was “very hard to
   classify – I suppose you’d call it dance theatre”.

   The program is packed with classical music, including a one-night-only
   performance of one of the first operas ever staged, Monteverdi’s
   L’Orfeo, which will be recreated by baroque ensemble Concerto Italiano;
   and the festival’s previously announced centrepiece, Handel’s opera
   Saul directed by Barrie Kosky. Described by the Guardian as “a
   theatrical and musical feast of energetic choruses, surreal
   choreography and gorgeous singing” when it premiered in 2015,
   Christopher Purves will be reprising the title role, joined by a local
   and international cast.

   Silvia Calderoni blurs genre and explores gender in MDLSX

   Facebook Twitter Pinterest

   Silvia Calderoni blurs genre and explores gender in MDLSX. Photograph:
   Renato Mangolin

   There will also be a suite of chamber music performances to showcase
   the new concert hall at the picturesque Mount Barker Summit. Curated by
   Anna Goldsworthy, Chamber Landscapes will focus on Schubert and be held
   over six days, with Australian composers including Calvin Bowman,
   Deborah Cheetham and William Barton responding to the landscape.

   Among home-grown productions is the world premiere of theatremakers
   William Yang and Annette Shun Wah’s The Backstories, which will explore
   the Asian-Australian experience with collaboration from prominent South
   Australians including chef Cheong Liew, football official Moya Dodd and
   fashion designer Razak Mohammed.

   There will also be a performance of a new experimental dance work by
   Restless Dance Theatre, held in an Adelaide hotel; and 1967: Music in
   the Key of Yes – a musical celebration of the 1967 referendum, in which
   more than 90 of Australians voted to remove racist clauses from the
   Australian constitution.

   For families, Manual Cinema’s Magic City will use overhead projections,
   shadow puppets and live-feed cameras to create real-time animated
   cinema based on the children’s classic by Edith Nesbit; and Adelaide
   Symphony Orchestra will join Miriam Margolyes for a retelling of Peter
   and the Wolf.

   • Adelaide festival takes place from 3-19 March, with the full festival
   program online now
     

   More features

Topics

      Adelaide festival 2017
      Festivals
      Cate Blanchett
      Art
      Opera
      (Submit) More…
      Classical music
      Adelaide
      South Australia
      Pop and rock
      Theatre
     

      Share on Facebook
      Share on Twitter
      Share via Email
      Share on LinkedIn
      Share on Pinterest
      Share on Google
      Share on WhatsApp
      Share on Messenger
     
      (Submit) Close

      Reuse this content

View all comments >

   (Submit) Order by
      (Submit) newest
      (Submit) oldest
      (Submit) recommendations

   (Submit) Show 25
      (Submit) 25
      (Submit) 50
      (Submit) 100
      (Submit) All

   (Submit) Threads
      (Submit) collapsed
      (Submit) expanded
      (Submit) unthreaded

   Loading comments… Trouble loading?
   (Submit) View more comments

most viewed

   The Guardian back to top
      home
      UK
      world
      sport
      football
      opinion
      culture selected
      business
      lifestyle
      fashion
      environment
      tech
      travel

   all sections close
      home
      UK
           education
           media
           society
           law
           scotland
           wales
           northern ireland
      world
           europe
           US
           americas
           asia
           australia
           africa
           middle east
           cities
           development
      sport
           football
           cricket
           rugby union
           F1
           tennis
           golf
           cycling
           boxing
           racing
           rugby league
      football
           live scores
           tables
           competitions
           results
           fixtures
           clubs
      opinion
           columnists
      culture selected
           film
           tv  radio
           music
           games
           books
           art  design
           stage
           classical
      business
           economics
           banking
           retail
           markets
           eurozone
      lifestyle
           food
           health  fitness
           love  sex
           family
           women
           home  garden
      fashion
      environment
           climate change
           wildlife
           energy
           pollution
      tech
      travel
           UK
           europe
           US
           skiing
      money
           property
           savings
           pensions
           borrowing
           careers
      science
      professional networks
      the observer
      today's paper
           editorials  letters
           obituaries
           g2
           weekend
           the guide
           saturday review
      sunday's paper
           comment
           the new review
           observer magazine
      membership
      crosswords
           blog
           editor
           quick
           cryptic
           prize
           quiptic
           genius
           speedy
           everyman
           azed
      video

      Culture
      › Adelaide festival 2017

   IFRAME: /email/form/footer/37

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Twitter
      all topics
      all contributors
      solve technical issue
      complaints  corrections
      terms  conditions
      privacy policy
      cookie policy
      securedrop

   © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.

   [p?c1=2c2=6035250cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=40>
   walesonlineLoad mobile navigation
      News
           Latest News
           Wales News
           UK News
           World News
           Crime
           Politics
           Health
           Nostalgia
           Education
           Farming
           Motors
           News Opinion
       Expand
      What's On
           Latest What's On
           Things To Do
           Family  Kids
           Food  Drink
           Comedy
           Music  Nightlife
           Theatre
           Film
           Shopping
       Expand
      Rugby
      Football
      Sport
           Latest Sport
           Rugby
           Football
           Cardiff City
           Swansea City
           Boxing
           Cricket
           Ice Hockey
           Other Sport
           Sport Opinion
           Fixtures  Results
           Fantasy Football
       Expand
      Business
           Latest Business
           Business News
           Commercial Property
           Personal Finance
           Appointments
           Business Opinion
           Farming
       Expand
      TV News
      Fun Stuff
      Homes
      Food  Drink
      Quizzes
      In Your Area
           North Wales
           Mid Wales
           South-East Wales
           South-West Wales
           Cardiff
           Swansea
           See all locations
       Expand

   Sign in
      My Account
      Sign Out

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      Jobs
      Motors
      Property
      Directory
      Family Notices
      Travel
      Dating
      Book an Ad
      BuySell
      Photos

      Contact Us
      About Us
      Subscriptions
      Download our e-editions
      Letters To The Editor
      Echo Home Delivery
      Advertise with Us
      Goal Time
      How to Complain
      Corrections and Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Reader Panel
      Terms  Conditions
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      RSS Feeds
      © 2016 Media Wales Ltd

    1. Home
    2. What's On
    3. Food  Drink
    4. Ebbw Vale

   What's On

     These brilliantly weird show-stopping cakes have won three gold awards

The cakes, made by two women from Blaenau Gwent, are based on goblins, Krampus
and Minecraft

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   ByTom Houghton
      19:04, 5 NOV 2016
      Updated19:05, 5 NOV 2016

   What's On

   Emma Phillips of Epic Cakes Tully the Bogglett, the award-winning cake
   made by Emma

     
     
     
     
       Share
     
       Comments

   Get What's On updates directly to your inbox
    (Submit)  Subscribe
   Thank you for subscribing!
   Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email

   Some of these cakes might not look like they were meant to be eaten,
   but these weird and wonderful designs are award-winning.

   Emma Phillips and Jay Humphris, both from Ebbw Vale , were presented
   with three gold awards between them for their sweet creations at the
   Sugarcraft, Cake Decorating and Baking Show, held at the NEC in
   Birmingham on Saturday.

      'Grotesque' goblin-like creature sat on a tortoise in a muddy bog

   Emma won one of the gold awards for her design called Tully the
   Bogglett, and featured a “grotesque” goblin-like creature sat on a
   tortoise in a muddy bog.

   Emma said: “He’s just a figment of my imagination this time around,
   rather than being inspired by Alice in Wonderland or the books of Terry
   Pratchett as my last two competition pieces were.

   Emma Phillips of Epic Cakes.

   Emma Phillips of Epic Cakes with Tully the Bogglett

      Read More

      Ebbw Vale woman wins silver after baking the most amazing Alice in
       Wonderland cake you'll ever see

   “I even ended up writing a short biography of him, as he seemed such an
   interesting character as I was sculpting him.”

   She added: “As physically unpleasant as he is, with horrible teeth and
   a runny nose and spotty bum, there’s a warmth and friendliness in his
   eyes which is very endearing.

                         'Bogglett kept me company'

   “He kept me company during the many late nights while I was working on
   him.”

   Jay won the other two awards for her Krampus-themed Christmas cake and
   a head sculpture based on the work of artists Tomasz Strzalkowski and
   H.R. Geiger.

   Emma Phillips of Epic Cakes

   'Krampus'

   Jay’s six-year-old son Toby also achieved a certificate of merit for
   his Minecraft-inspired cake design.

   It’s not the first taste of success for baker Emma, who has previously
   won silver awards at the last two competitions, and Jay, her former
   sugarcraft pupil, has gained a silver and a gold.

      Read More

      Jay has cake expectations after her elf bake won her gold

     'A crowning achievement and testament to their enormous hard work'

   The pair said this year’s haul of prizes is “a crowning achievement and
   testament to their enormous hard work and talent in this specialised
   field”.

   Emma runs her cake design business from home in Ebbw Vale, as well as
   teaching sugarcraft through a number of classes run with Anuerin
   Leisure Trust in Ebbw Vale and Brynmawr . Jay is a bar manager in Ebbw
   Vale and used to attend Emma’s classes.

   Emma Phillips of Epic Cakes

   The head sculpture

   Emma said: “The standard of competition is incredibly high every year,
   but this year it seems to have increased massively. Jay and I are
   thrilled and delighted to not only have gained recognition for our work
   yet again, but to have achieved Gold with each of our competition
   pieces.

   Cardiff bakery Brød makes giant cake to mark its first birthday:

   Video thumbnail, Brød bakery makes giant cake to mark first birthday
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Video Loading
   Video Unavailable
   Click to play Tap to play
   The video will start in 8Cancel
   Play now
   (Submit) Watch this video again
   Video will play in

Share this video

   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]

Watch Next

   "I’m so pleased for my students to have gained recognition for their
   skills too. It hasn’t quite sunk in yet.”

   Some of Emma’s current students also entered the competition this year,
   with bronze prizes being awarded to Denise Bryant and Victoria Bryant,
   and a certificate of merit going to Meg Musa for her work.

      Like us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      What's On Newsletter

      Follow @WOWalesOnline

   Subscribe to our What's On newsletterEnter email
   Subscribe

   Comments
   Show more comments

   More On
      Ebbw Vale
      Brynmawr
      Blaenau Gwent

      whats-on
      all

      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Things to do WalesThe Cardiff bucket list - 30 things to try in the
   city in 2017
   Because it's the perfect time of the year to start planning.
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffIf you go out and look up tonight you will be able to see
   something a little bit different in the sky
   A clear sky means Venus is visible to the naked eye
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Food  DrinkHow to make scrambled eggs properly and why putting milk in
   them is a BIG mistake
   You may be cooking them over the new year, so here's how to do it
   properly
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Cardiff CouncilThis is when you should take down your Christmas
   decorations
   Are you having trouble deciding when to take down the tree and tinsel?
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   ChristmasWhen should you take your Christmas decorations down?
   It's time to pack away the tinsel and say goodbye to the tree for
   another year, here's when you should traditionally take down your
   Christmas decorations
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffIf you go out and look up tonight you will be able to see
   something a little bit different in the sky
   A clear sky means Venus is visible to the naked eye
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Things to do WalesThe Cardiff bucket list - 30 things to try in the
   city in 2017
   Because it's the perfect time of the year to start planning.
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   X FactorX Factor star Honey G is coming to Swansea
   The hip-hop act will perform at Walkabout
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Things to do WalesThese are the races, runs and assault courses you can
   do in Wales in 2017
   Whether it's a 5k or a half marathon, there are plenty of reasons to
   get those trainers on
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffNatural History Museum's Dippy the Diplodocus set to be 'flat
   packed' ahead of tour
   A team of six will start dismantling Dippy the Diplodocus piece by
   piece – beginning with the tail – over three-and-a-half weeks
      Most Read
      Most Recent

   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffA new platform has opened at Cardiff Central station today which
   could help ease congestion
   Platform eight is part of a £300m project aimed to modernise the
   Cardiff and Valleys network
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Leigh HalfpennyFuming Leigh Halfpenny left astounded as this bizarre
   Star Wars intervention ruins his big moment
   The force was not with Halfpenny during this hilarious moment
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffA man who built a cabin for a homeless couple has helped reunite
   them with family
   A homeless man's family read a story about them and came looking for
   him
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   PowysA 190-year-old Welsh mansion worth millions has been sold - for
   just £1
   Shire Hall once homed judges sitting in court
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Nigel OwensNigel Owens leaves replacement Welsh props aghast with harsh
   but amusing put down during live Welsh derby
   They didn't make the starting XVs and Nigel Owens was quick to remind
   the Scarlets and Cardiff Blues players when problems arose at the scrum
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Network RailEngineering works which caused train delays over Christmas
   around South Wales are completed
   The works had overrun but were finished in time for the majority of
   people going back to work today after the Christmas break
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   NewsWales breaking news plus live traffic, weather and M4 updates
   (Tuesday, January 3)
   Wales breaking news plus live traffic, weather and M4 updates
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Tom JonesSir Tom Jones says late wife Linda would have been pleased he
   was back at The Voice
   She was upset when he was axed from the show by the BBC
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Neil KinnockNeil Kinnock on Labour's path to rebirth and not giving up
   in a post-Trump world
   He may find it a harder struggle than ever before to stay optimistic
   but he still relishes political battle
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Welsh GovernmentNew summer holidays lunch and fun clubs will get
   £500,000 of funding
   The scheme is aimed at helping pupils from some of Wales’ most deprived
   communities

   Top Stories

   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffA new platform has opened at Cardiff Central station today which
   could help ease congestion
   Platform eight is part of a £300m project aimed to modernise the
   Cardiff and Valleys network
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CrimeLocked Up: The murderers, rioters, paedophiles and other criminals
   sent to jail in Wales in December
   These are the faces of the criminals sent to prison in Wales during
   December
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Tom JonesSir Tom Jones says late wife Linda would have been pleased he
   was back at The Voice
   She was upset when he was axed from the show by the BBC
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   TourismA Year of Legends kicks off so Wales can tell the world about
   its cultural treasures
   Historic sites and football glory will all be championed in the next 12
   months
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   Swansea City FCPaul Clement agrees two-and-a-half-year deal to become
   the new Swansea City manager
   Clement has agreed a deal in principle to replace Bob Bradley as
   manager at the Liberty Stadium
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   RhonddaThese two choristers have been singing alongside one another in
   the same choir for a combined 140 YEARS
   The Treorchy Male Choir celebrates 70 years of unbroken service in 2017
   - and Islwyn and Norman have been there every step of the way
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   PontypriddThis group of mates (and a goat) went on an epic fancy dress
   pub crawl
   The group complete a mile-long pub crawl every year on New Year's Day
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   PowysA 190-year-old Welsh mansion worth millions has been sold - for
   just £1
   Shire Hall once homed judges sitting in court
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   MonmouthshireThe 'devil cat' who terrifies posties and delivery drivers
   - and even the family dog
   He snaps at people who come near the house and neighbours cross the
   road to avoid him
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   SwanseaThree men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man
   found dead on Christmas Eve
   The body of Mohammed Abdurezek, 31, was found by a dog walker
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CardiffA man who built a cabin for a homeless couple has helped reunite
   them with family
   A homeless man's family read a story about them and came looking for
   him
   [422139600151965391220015196519998001-vs.jpg?pubId=4221396001]
   CourtsA woman has been accused of travelling from America to commit a
   child sex offence in Wales
   Christine Abad appeared in court this morning

      News
      What's On
      Sport
      Business

Follow us

      facebook
      twitter
      pinterest
      instagram

      Contact Us
      About Us
      Subscriptions
      Download our e-editions
      Letters To The Editor
      Echo Home Delivery
      Advertise with Us
      Goal Time
      How to Complain
      Corrections and Clarifications
      Google Survey
      Reader Panel
      Terms  Conditions
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      RSS Feeds
      © 2016 Media Wales Ltd
     

   This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with
   this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie
   choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

   one pixel graphics
<file=41>
   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online
   TVShowbiz RSS feed Latest TVShowbiz Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
          TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      TVShowbiz
      U.S. Showbiz
      Headlines
      Arts
      Pictures
      Showbiz Boards

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

'This is crazy!' Tommy Hilfiger reveals details of weird meeting with Michael
Jackson in Neverland 'throne room' and says his kids were dressed like the
Von Trapp children

   By Bobbie Whiteman For Dailymail.com

   Published: 20:47 GMT, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 21:42 GMT, 26 October
   2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   31 shares

   72

   View
   comments

   Tommy Hilfiger has revealed details of a very strange encounter with
   Michael Jackson.

   The King of Pop contacted the designer during the 1990s when he wanted
   to create a branded clothing line.

   Tommy, now 65, was summoned to the singer's palatial Neverland ranch in
   Los Olivos, California, for the surreal meeting, according to his new
   book, American Dreamer: My Life In Fashion  Business.
   Tommy Hilfiger has described his bizarre meeting with Michael Jackson
   in the early 1990s, in new book Tommy Hilfiger has described his
   bizarre meeting with Michael Jackson in the early 1990s, in new book
   The King Of Pop wanted to create a branded clothing line with the
   designer The King Of Pop wanted to create a branded clothing line with
   the designer

   Pop and fashion: Tommy Hilfiger has described his bizarre meeting with
   Michael Jackson in the early 1990s when the King Of Pop wanted to
   create a branded clothing line, in new book

   The designer took along his daughter Ally, now 31, and brother
   Andy, according to an excerpt published in Page Six on Tuesday.

   The trio landed on the lawn in a helicopter and were picked up by 'a
   choo-choo train, with a conductor and everything,' Tommy wrote.

RELATED ARTICLES

      Previous
      1
      Next

      [38215ECC00000578-0-image-m-211473441015078.jpg] Ahoy there! Gigi
       Hadid steps out with Tommy Hilfiger in...
       [39AF6E4700000578-0-image-m-801477374350797.jpg] Gigi Hadid shows
       off flawless model figure as she strips...

Share this article

   Share

   ''We were driving through Neverland, and no one was there. As we passed
   the Ferris wheel, it started up. Every seat was empty. We saw teacup
   rides and a racetrack and an amphitheater, all deserted.

   'We pulled up in front of the house, and a butler came out wearing
   white gloves. 'Hello,' he said. 'Michael will be coming; he is
   expecting you.'
   Designer dish:  Tommy, with wife Dee at the Princess Grace Awards Gala
   at Cipriani 25 Broadway on Monday in New York, said Jacko was 'sitting
   on a throne' when they met Designer dish:  Tommy, with wife Dee at the
   Princess Grace Awards Gala at Cipriani 25 Broadway on Monday in New
   York, said Jacko was 'sitting on a throne' when they met

   Designer dish:  Tommy, with wife Dee at the Princess Grace Awards Gala
   at Cipriani 25 Broadway on Monday in New York, said Jacko was 'sitting
   on a throne' when they met

   'We were standing in front of this massive gingerbread-style house when
   a giraffe walked by, followed by a string of baby elephants. Ally and
   Andy were looking at each other, like 'This is crazy!' '
   All the info: The 65-year-old described the bizarre meeting in his new
   biography All the info: The 65-year-old described the bizarre meeting
   in his new biography

   All the info: The 65-year-old described the bizarre meeting in his new
   biography

   And when Tommy met Michael in his office he was wearing sunglasses and
   'was sitting in an enormous gold-and-burgundy throne...His face was
   heavily made up and he had a Band-Aid across his nose.

   'He was fidgety. He said, 'We really have to do this clothing line
   together. I have millions of fans all over the world who are waiting
   for it.' He spoke in the same wispy voice we had all grown accustomed
   to.'

   Meanwhile, Tommy said Michael's kids Prince, now 14, and Paris, now 18,
   were dressed bizarrely like the Von Trapp children in The Sound Of
   Music.

   'They came barreling down the stairs dressed...in velveteen knickers,
   dirndl jumper, ruffled blouses, patent leather shoes, each in full
   makeup, their hair bleached blond with dark roots. Blanket was an
   infant in nanny's arms.'

   Tommy said he and his partners passed on the deal with the pop icon,
   who died of a drug overdose in 2009 at age 50. He said they had 'bigger
   deals in mind' at the time and were negotiating to buy Calvin Klein.

   'Michael continued to call and ask us to reconsider, but our decision
   was firm, and he never did the clothing line,' Tommy wrote.
   His last tour: Michael had announced his Summer residency, This Is It,
    at London's O2 Arena at the time of his death from a drugs overdose in
   2009 His last tour: Michael had announced his Summer residency, This Is
   It,  at London's O2 Arena at the time of his death from a drugs
   overdose in 2009

   His last tour: Michael had announced his Summer residency, This Is It,
    at London's O2 Arena at the time of his death from a drugs overdose in
   2009


   Read more:
      Tommy Hilfiger¿s bizarre encounter with Michael Jackson | Page Six

Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     
      31
       shares

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

      Like DailyMail
      Follow MailOnline
      Follow DailyMail
      1 DailyMail



DON'T MISS

      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes twins Vivienne and Knox and
       daughter Shiloh for ice cream during ski trip... as she jets away
       from divorce drama
      'I could fit a whole head in one cup': Scarlett Moffatt praises
       regime for shrinking her J cup bust by 7in... as she hits back at
       weight trolls Lost 3st 4lb in total
      Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red
       carpet argument' at her Lion premiere just days before dancing up a
       storm on stage on NYE
      'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is
       unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through'
       her roles
      Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she
       flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning
      'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating MS ready meals!' We
       challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER!
       SPONSORED
      Undercover lovers: Leonardo DiCaprio shades his face with a towel
       as he enjoys getaway with girlfriend Nina Agdal in Mexico Come over
       all shy?
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! CHRISTOPHER
       STEVENS is gripped
      Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on
       sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT
       Robin Thicke snap
      Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering
       new wife Ronnie Mitchell has drowned on their wedding day
      What a carry on! Hilary Duff gives son Luca a piggyback as she
       flaunts toned body in denim bikini top and hotpants Only way to
       travel!
     
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional
       cycling Hope he's insured
      Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in
       the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely
       stunning
      'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for
       pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as
       she vows to regain her 'big butt'
      Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer dons stylish black bikini for
       beach time with fellow musician boyfriend Jack Gilinsky New Year to
       remember
      Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts
       barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered
       make-up snap
      Stassi Schroeder goes skinny dipping with gal pals before being
       caught in spotlight on Vanderpump Rules Knows how to make a splash
      Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping
       assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai
       break
      'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie
       stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby -
       as she poses with daughter Polly, five
      'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a
       nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau
       Ryan in the Maldives
      Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year
       gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead
       National Television nods
     
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids
       during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of
       Brad Pitt split
      Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts
       while hitting beach in Miami with family Life's a beach
      'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces
       15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Head over heels
      Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear
       view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend
      Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers mock Martin Freeman for
       pretending to update static picture of his blog in epic blunder in
       record New Year's Day show
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print
       bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the
       beach in Miami
      Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up
       sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on
       Miami beach
      Easy riders! Steven Tyler and his rumoured fiancée Aimee Ann
       Preston drive motorbikes in Hawaii He is 40 years older than his
       rumoured fiancée
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko
       displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on
       Miami beach
      Grin and bear it! Paris Jackson livestreams brother Prince getting
       a massive tattoo... before getting some new ink of her own What are
       you inking!
     
      Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana
       dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square
       meltdown
      EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets
       about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned
      Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen
       as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015
      'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated
       with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her
       Instagram snap
      Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome
       Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a
       place you'd want to stay
      Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she
       pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in
       particularly high spirits
      Here comes trouble! Rihanna plays coy as she wears casual jet-set
       look at JFK... as ex Drake and JLo spend NYE together in Vegas
       Moving on
      Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at
       inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting
       against racism
      'I missed you': Bindi Irwin's heart swells as she is reunited with
       boyfriend Chandler Powell after couple spend three weeks apart
      Watch out Beckham! Doutzen Kroes displays sweet soccer skills in
       tiny white shorts with family in Miami She's not only a whizz on
       the runway
      'It's back!': Will And Grace star Leslie Jordan confirms new season
       of hit sitcom will hit screens this year Was a huge hit the in
       1990s
      Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea
       Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff
      The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle:
       Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like
       she's on her way to an awards
      'It was a kick in the bs': Sir Tom Jones slams the BBC again
       for his sudden drop from The Voice... as he poses alongside new
       judges for ITV reboot
      'I was 16ish': Kim Zolciak is barely recognizable in throwback
       photo from her teenage years Determined to stay young forever
     
      Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve
       stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a
       picture-perfect couple
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing
       herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives
       getaway
      Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned
       top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along
       as she stepped out
      Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink
       bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance
       partner Daisy Lowe
      The holidays are over! Harrison Ford arrives back in LA with wife
       Calista Flockhart after winter break Star Wars cast reeling from
       Carrie's death
      'Making her laugh was always a badge of honor': Mark Hamill pens
       heartfelt goodbye letter to Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher He's
       best memories
      Glad to be home? Nicole Richie and Joel Madden look downcast after
       holiday getaway as they jet into LA with their kids Family affair
      New mum Behati Prinsloo shows off her slender figure in a tank top
       and cut-off shorts while on holiday in Mexico Looked sensational
      Goodbye paradise! Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in striped maxi
       dress as she leaves Hawaii with her family Home sweet home
      There's something about broccoli! Cameron Diaz shops for organic
       veggies during grocery run in Los Angeles Green and lean
      'You come here you get a cap in your a': Real Housewives star
       Kenya Moore points gun at home intruders She's not taking any
       chances
      Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable
       curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the
       Maldives Lucky woman
      Desert rose: Amy Adams stuns in floral gown at Palm Springs
       International Film Festival Kickstarting red carpet season
      Nicole Kidman is girly glam as she sports dress covered in playful
       illustrations at Palm Springs International Film Festival Stunnning
      Lady in blue-gray! Kirsten Dunst shows off cleavage in full-length
       gown with front slit at Palms Springs International Film Festival
      'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte
       Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy
       and split from Gaz Beadle
      Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big
       Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame
       Bianca Gascoigne
      The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA
       with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret
       ceremony in Australia
      Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out
       with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand
       Proposed last week
      All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage
       inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls'
       break
      Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie
       Edmondson announces her engagement  She is marry Sam Francis, also
       29
      Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the
       imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in
       Manchester
      Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their
       hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return
       for all star series
      Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini
       as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian
       bombshell
      Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her
       brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram
       photo
      Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up
       to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after
       secretly tying the knot
      Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal
       in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote
      'Facing my fears for the new year:' Leighton Meester beats her
       phobia of popping champagne in Instagram video Cheers to that!
      Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as
       she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic
       black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter
       Alaia-Mai
      'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious':
       Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to
       give up alcohol
      Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with
       boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter
       while in a black jumpsuit
      MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack
       on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes
       firmly behind them
      'The worst thing was not knowing if he'd come home': Emma Willis
       recalls chilling fears over husband Matt's addictions... as she
       reveals plans to renew wedding vows
      'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her
       hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the
       Seychelles
      Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son
       suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now
       battling depression
      New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes
       manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans
      Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother
       Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old
       actress posted a picture
      Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty
       print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican
       holiday Positively heaven sent
      Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate
       ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the
       duo's exit
      Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys
       romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts
       Festive family trip
      Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends
       the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien
       Richardson
      Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family
       selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and
       Harley
      Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini
       as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big
       Brother debut
      Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with
       husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no
       problems showing it off
      Reynolds Reynolds 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony
       Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE
       REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood
      Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a
       red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai
      Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in
       mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Looked like a
       perfect 10
      Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit
       as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out
       in Manchester
      She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her
       trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named
       brand ambassador
      Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear
       selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles
       behind her
      Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their
       parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw
       his grandad's grave
      Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller
       tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM
       Grand casino
      Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses
       make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts
       this week
      Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on
       her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken
       show The Jump
      Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in
       2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child
      Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely
       tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in
       Studio City
      'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned
       down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he
       wasn't British
      Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach
       day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados
       Firm friendship
      Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby
       Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver
      Mariah Carey New Years Mariah Carey New Years Dick Clark
       Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as
       'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed
       on faulty earpiece
      'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel'
       bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in
       newly resurfaced essay
      Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she
       tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's
       up
      New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key
       Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of
       Manhattan
      Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad
       as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter
       wonderland
      Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father
       Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million
       dollar court case
      Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey
       show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the
       Maldives
      'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda
       Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen
       husband Martin Freeman
      Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in
       Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from
       the octagon
      Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon
       dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton
      Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual
       stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first
       Christmas alone
      Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami...
       weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage
       lasted a year
      'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini
       as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths
      Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a
       mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with
       shirtless beau James
      Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New
       Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to
       'in-laws'
      In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with
       sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a
       turquoise swimsuit
      'Guess you fd my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping
       with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares
       for due date
      That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze
       Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up
       display in Manchester
      Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling
       bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk
       on the wild side
      Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks
       around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous
       mother's hand
      CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid
       The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one
       star
      'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman
       standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The
       44-year-old actor is picky about his projects
      Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic
       beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados
      She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the
       guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents
      Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy
       purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie
      Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour
       trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him
       hospitalised
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had
       tried to kill himself many times
      Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra
       Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas
      Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New
       Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over
       her derrière
      Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts
       her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new
       fiancé Paul Khoury
      Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a
       plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini
       babe
      'Get your happy aes home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle
       Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara
       Falls
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star
       'upset'
      'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a
       bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian
       beach
      Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity
       photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she
       met Prince Harry
      'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her
       phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from
       Hawaii
      'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her
       bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about
       ditching leaking lifts
      Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is
       pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's
       Eve party
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling
       cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives
       getaway
      Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show
       after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new
       show
      Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling
       skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in
       Gambia
      Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on
       EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised
       acting
      Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless
       beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the
       life
      'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances
       around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December
      Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up
       the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig
       at London's G-A-Y
      'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party
       horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods
      'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi
       Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat
      Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the
       formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017
      'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her
       famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model
       body
      Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's
       second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end
       top three
      Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from
       boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills!
      'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for
       New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot
      'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as
       they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch
      They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie
       Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting
       in 2015
      'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying
       nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by
       drug use
      If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins
       the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at
       Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion
      Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the
       Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary
       truck
      'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with
       husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau
      Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive
       physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked
       good, always
      '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing
       bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017
      Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as
       awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan
      Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she
       poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy
       shoot
      'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss
       on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12,
       2016
      'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast
       exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused
       of being shy
      Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed
       bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip
       She looked incredible
      Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as
       girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New
       Year's Day
      Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey
       Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's
       Eve in Hollywood
      Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau
       Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her
       support
      Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night
       in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood
      'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt
       says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she
       admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked
      Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days
       before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis
      Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely
       Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six
       months of sobriety
      Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son
       Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has
       taken his first steps
      Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her
       famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious
       London spa
      Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter
       after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star
       has threatened legal action
      'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda
       Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with
       now ex Martin Freeman
      James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique
       in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive
       family jaunt
      Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam
       account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him!
      Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen
       starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in
       2008
      A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with
       son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet
       display
      'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes
       thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she
       turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami
      'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit
       selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new
       year Looked smoking hot
      MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED
       in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip
       Ex On The Beach star
      Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in
       barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break
       Still absolutely stunning
       'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy
       reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years
       sober
      'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she
       'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as
       probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on
      Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm
       rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival
       in UK
      'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his
       family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars
       ring in 2017
      'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover
       selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic
       passing Looked worse for wear
      'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan':
       Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry
       after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother
      Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing
       their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after
       snubbing recent band reunion
      Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath
       slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to
       ring in 2017
      'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and
       STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a
       holiday too. Can't I just have one?'
      Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful
       break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some
       painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior
      Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying
       hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably
       disgusted
      She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj
       for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts
       to last night drinking for a year
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in
       powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel
       Baldwin in Barbados
      Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in
       intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade
       ball Fancy dress
      This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy
       striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy
       sunbathing session
      Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve
       run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation
      Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's
       bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub
      Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his
       shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show
       in Buenos Aires
      Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample
       cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the
       Maldives
      Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy
       high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting
       the beach
      'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in
       revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the
       benefit of Scottie?
      Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton
       Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body
       in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad
       selfie from a beach
      Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks
       radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to
       the sky in Barbados
      Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying
       sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless
       selfie in The Seychelles
      Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she
       sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent
      Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends
       broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe
       Ferry Daring look
      Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms'
       pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram
       selfie
      'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend':
       Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party
       flirtations almost caused relationship split
      'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time...
       as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put
       paid to speculation
      The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes,
       Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on
       holiday in Brazil
      Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy
       halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two
       stone weight loss
      Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini
       display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view
      'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with
       son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together
       with family ski trip after strained 2016
      Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink
       printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure
      'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment
       she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at
       New Year's Eve bash
      Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside
       performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in
       styke
      '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as
       they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes
      Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad
       The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage.
      Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy
       bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven
       months pregnant
      Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before
       flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the
       sun-soaked Maldives
      Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping
       for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on
       topping up her tan
      Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with
       surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a
       hangover
      A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed
       in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik
       for annual banquet
      She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky'
       to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly
       after five years
      Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless
       bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in
       The Seychelles
      SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa
       Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband
       possibly inside
      'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts
       silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out
      'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses
       with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab
      Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys
       family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski
       slopes with Heidi Klum
      Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins
       bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths
       break
      Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of
       The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in
       the 2005 movie
      'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen
       in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea
       Handler
      Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she
       rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell
       celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott
      Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St
       Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess
      The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she
       gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her
       debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149
      Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they
       celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement
       ring back on
      Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace
       mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve
      'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive
       New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué
      Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED
       while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she
       flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali
      I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram
       picture on New Year's Day  First child
      Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings
       in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after
       sparking engagement rumours
      Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK
       wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October'
      Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan
       Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up
      Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival
       Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine
      That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New
       Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's
       Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish
      Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she
       heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate
      Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned
       midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs
      'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in
       the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried
       about germs?
      The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful
       misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth
      Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making
       anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz
       before the show's debut
      Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead
       of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations
      She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating
       New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable
      'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social
       media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown
       on Times Square stage
      Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant'
       girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle
       down, ladies!
      Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't
       wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more
       'real' on screen
      '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy
       Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts
       Photogenic couple
      Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a
       New Year's Eve kiss How can that be?
      'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and
       panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star
       posed in her bathroom mirror
      Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit
       as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer
       Lopez at the last minute
      'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka
       Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and
       Hanukkah with her husband and children
      'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black
       eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with
       a shiner
      'I've got so much sht on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at
       Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a
       controversial message
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is
       drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to
       instil a work ethic
      A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A
       look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they
       prepare for 2017
      'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single
       woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year
       as a single woman
      SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan
       as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time
       since he left her to fight alone in court
      'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian
       rainforests with her loved ones
      Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as
       she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard
       Sutton
      'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017
       with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus
      Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in
       2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed
       party
      Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender
       frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her
       hand at paddle boarding in Barbados
      'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at
       Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some
       asking if she's had a bit too much to drink
      Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting
       ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while
       vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday
      'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood
       gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney
       Harbour
      'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better
       vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on
       her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo'
      Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake
       Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch
      We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith
       Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen
       greats
      Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus
       at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy
       ensembles
      'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau
       Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square
      It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga
       tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far
      New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she
       cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun
      What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian
       and daughter after dramatic split
      'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an
       eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after
       heartbreaking miscarriage
      'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve
       Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was
       rocky
      William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy
       on the hit 70s TV show MASH, dies of cancer at age 84
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies
       as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store
       has launched a sale.
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince
       Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find
       the Prince
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with
       divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her
       romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel
      SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at
       wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the
       show with troubled sister Roxy
      New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived!
       Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's
       victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba
      'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from
       California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm
       business
      'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as
       they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife
       Elsa Pataky
      Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in
       white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016'
      The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa
       Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out
       Of Here!'
      Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational
       beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St
       Barts with her boyfriend
      Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake
       of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek
       Mill
      Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped
       swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham
       Clempson
      Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black
       bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA

   Boohoo
   MailOnline iPad app


MORE DON'T MISS

      The bare cheek of her! Millie Mackintosh shares completely NAKED
       Instagram during sun-soaked break to South Africa after she denies
       boob job
      Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa reflects on her 'crazy year' of
       'highs and lows' on Instagram after split with husband Tarek
      'Are bones in fashion?': Scarlett Moffatt receives cruel jibes from
       online trolls unimpressed by her drastic body transformation
      Delicious irony: Emilia Fox on her new TV role as a caddish chef's
       lover (where DID she find the inspiration, Marco?)
      Russell Crowe's estranged wife Danielle Spencer, 47, looks youthful
       and fit as she steps out in gym clothes before New Year's Eve party
       in Sydney
      A picture is worth a thousand words! Shane Warne has a family photo
       of himself and ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley together with all of
       their children on his BATHROOM wall
      Keeping Up With Jonathan Cheban! Kim Kardashian's pal hangs in
       Miami with Ansel Elgort and Rob 'The Gronk' Gronkowski Going out
       yachting
      Better the devil you know! Pop group Steps 'will release a new
       album in 2017... as they perform New Year's Eve reunion show at
       London's G-A-Y club'
      Tamara Ecclestone rocks festive onesie for elaborate Frozen-themed
       NYE with sister Petra Stunt and sweet daughter Sophia, 2, in Gstaad
      Always a supermodel! Alessandra Ambrosio sizzles in sexy black swim
       suit as she poses by a pool for a pal Was in Santa Catarina in her
       native Brazil
      'I will fing shoot and ask questions later!': RHOA star Kenya
       Moore pulls a gun on three trespassers at her Atlanta mansion
      'I've shed my last tear of 2016': Rebecca Adlington tells this year
       to 'do one' on Twitter... after splitting from husband Harry Needs
      'He loves to cuddle mummy!': Katie Price shares cute photo of son
       Harvey asleep on her before filming him singing dance classic I
       Love You Baby
      Happy New Year from Kylie Jenner! Reality star poses with bestie
       Jordyn Woods in Hello Kitty Snapchat filter They closed out 2016 in
       a casual fashion
      Jorgie Porter looks casually chic in fluffy jacket and leather
       leggings as she heads out after another winning performance in
       panto Snow White
      He's a ladies' man! Scott Eastwood enjoys a Sydney Harbour cruise
       with a group of VERY glamorous women including The Bachelor's Lisa
       Hyde
      She's a perfect 10! Maria Menounos shows off her beautiful bikini
       body on romantic beach break in Mexico with fiancé Keven Undergaro
      'We've made something very complete': Benedict Cumberbatch hints
       new Sherlock series may be the last after revealing it will be
       'hard to follow'
      Ready for wedding! RHONY's Luann De Lesseps, 51, is lovely in white
       during rehearsal dinner night before Palm Beach nuptials to Tom
       D'Agostino
      Just the girls! Makeup-free Lea Michele rocks leggings and
       sweatshirt as she spends quality time with mom Edith Sarfati
      'Seychelles!' Ashley Graham shows off her perfect waist in a bikini
       as she enjoys the island life with husband Justin Ervin
      'You just got knocked the f out': Justin Bieber slams old foe
       Ronda Rousey after she got beaten up by Amanda Nunez in UFC fight
      Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray promises to tell late pop
       singer's three children 'the truth' about their parentage
      It's almost 2017! Hailee Steinfeld dons plunging mini dress with
       fishnet nylons ahead of performance for Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      Not so mellow yellow! Tallia Storm flaunts her incredibly toned
       stomach in sizzling skimpy bikini as she rings in the New Year in
       Barbados
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her enviably peachy derriere in a sheer
       glittering skirt as she parties in Dubai Tumultuous year saw her
       split with Dan Edgar
      The truth about Bobby and me: A new drama starring Michelle Keegan
       takes us inside the doomed marriage of Bobby and Tina Moore -
       football's first golden couple
      Ryan Phillippe credits ex wife Reese Witherspoon for their daughter
       Ava's Instagram fame but says their girl is 'incredibly talented'
      Scarlett Moffatt displays her taut stomach in skimpy red crop top
       as she shares candid behind-the-scenes selfie following her
       dramatic three stone weight loss
      Blue beauty! Chloe Goodman shows off her buxom figure in plunging
       pastel swimwear as she hits the beach on Mexican winter break
       Certainly looks at home by the sea
      Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson shows off her incredible
       figure in a hot pink bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai  Soon to
       be on Ex On The Beach
      Shirtless George Lineker displays his sculpted physique on the
       beach in Barbados  The 24-year-old son of England footballer Gary
      Out with a splash! Brooklyn Beckham shows off his dance moves on
       Instagram before celebrating New Year with Gordon Ramsay's son Jack
       Aspiring photographer
      Miranda Kerr's mother Therese shares beautiful snaps of son's
       same-sex wedding to longtime partner James Wright
      Winter wonderland! Kelly Ripa bundles up in beanie and mittens for
       hike in snowy Colorado She celebrated her 20th wedding anniversary
       in May
      'The most magical day of my life': Orange Is The New Black's Samira
       Wiley reveals her romantic proposal from Lauren Morelli
      With her amor! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts toned bikini body as
       she splashes around with boyfriend Dennis Shields in Mexico
       Lounging beach-side in Mexico on Friday
      SPOILER ALERT: Devastating new Coronation Street story line sees
       Michelle Connor lose her baby at 23 weeks... after actress Kym
       Marsh endured the same tragedy in 2009
      Filthy jokes, cosy lunches, outrageous gossip - the secrets of
       Diana's VERY flirty friendship with George Michael They held true
       superstar status
      Future trendsetter! Kaia Gerber rocks jean skirt and black bikini
       during family vacation with her mother Cindy Crawford in St. Barts
       The 15-year-old and her family were in St. Barts
      'She said yes': Love Island couple Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen
       announce their engagement... after he proposes with diamond
       encrusted ring
      'You pompous white btch!': Azealia Banks launches a foul-mouthed
       racist tirade against Sia after the pop star criticized the
       self-proclaimed witch for sacrificing chickens
      New Year, new bikini! Ashley James hits the beach in a skimpy
       two-piece while Zara Holland and Vogue Williams soak up the sun as
       they lead the stars celebrating New Year
      Is Katie Price returning to Celebrity Big Brother? New teaser clip
       shows busty housemate discussing their marriage woes She was
       crowned winner of the 2015 series
      Lowe and behold! Daisy flaunts her hourglass curves in a lacy black
       bra and hotpants in sultry selfie Looking back at 2016 favourably
      That's awkward! The Bachelor BFFs Noni Janur and Kirralee 'Kiki'
       Morris wear the SAME sequin playsuit as they celebrate New Year's
       Eve
      Daring to bare! Lauryn Goodman flashes the flesh in sheer plunging
       ensemble as she glams up for jewellery shopping trip  Cut an
       eye-catching figure in Mykonos
      Debbie Reynolds 24-hour movie marathon will air on TCM in January
       with such hits as Singin' In The Rain and The Unsinkable Molly
       Brown
      Tamara Ecclestone covers herself in gold glitter as she goes
       topless in sultry shoot to ring in the New Year  She's always the
       life and soul of the party
      'Crashed the boys' day': Chloe Madeley sports tweed outfit and a
       feather in her cap as she joins beau James for pheasant shoot
       Shared a snap of her holding a shotgun
      The X Factor's Honey G suffers major setback as her debut single
       limps into the midweek chart at 149 The track has struggled to make
       an impact
      Shia LaBeouf and partner Mia Goth shun Hollywood glamour as they
       step out in low key baggy ensembles
      Caroline Wozniacki, Emmy Rossum, and Rachel Hunter among the first
       celebrities to ring in the new year as they welcome 2017 from New
       Zealand
      Nancy Shevell, 57, showcases her toned pins in stylish navy
       two-piece as she enjoys late night dip with husband Paul McCartney,
       74, in St Barts
      Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell, 57, shows off her sensational
       bikini body as she frolics on the beach in St Barts
      The look of love! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber share a very
       public kiss as they vacation in St. Barts The couple were seen
       gazing lovingly into each other's eyes
      Charlotte Dawson sparks engagement rumours as she flashes giant
       diamond on passionate date with Matt Sarsfield...  after calling
       him 'The One' Dated for a month
      The torment of my darling Carrie: Hollywood legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS
       died just hours after her daughter. Here, is a poignant extract
       from her autobiography
      I'll have what she's having! Sports Illustrated stunner Hailey
       Clauson strips down to her lingerie as she saucily recreates When
       Harry Met Sally for LOVE's Video Advent
      Jennifer Lopez, 47, 'is having fun' with Drake, 30, as it's claimed
       their relationship isn't serious... after they share steamy kiss at
       Vegas bash
      Pantomime starring Scotty T cancelled MINUTES before it was due to
       start... after the reality star walked out amid claims he was
       underpaid
      Holding on tight! Ashley Olsen, 30, gets bear hug from beau Richard
       Sachs, 58, as they party in St. Barts The former Full House star
       was dressed in a plunging black dress
      Bringing up the rear! Sizzling Sara Sampaio shows off her pert
       posterior and svelte figure in bright bikini on Mexican holiday
       Showing off her stunning frame
      Newlywed life! Margot Robbie returns to social media since tying
       the knot with beau Tom Ackerley as she shares a holiday snap while
       enjoying a game of football with friends
      'And people say we have no talent...': Kourtney Kardashian shares
       clip of mum Kris belting out karaoke classics on their Aspen
       holiday
      Plaid you came! Model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid cut stylish
       figures in figure-hugging ensembles in Aspen  The model sisters
       were sure to display their enviable sartorial ways
      Rosamund Pike beams as her son Solo, four, chats to a fireman after
       they were 'evacuated' for 30 minutes following incident near their
       London home
      'First kiss from auntie KiKi!' Kim Kardashian cradles her BFF Joyce
       Bonelli's newborn twins She's said she would love a large family
      'You look 25 again': X Factor winner Sam Bailey, 39, appears
       'younger everyday' as she posts a string of REMARKABLY flawless
       selfies
      Turning the other cheek! Lady Victoria Hervey flaunts her
       stunningly svelte frame in a bold lime green swimsuit Stepping out
       in Bridgetown, Barbados
      'Tough job!': Kim Kardashian has body makeup applied in some VERY
       intimate places in behind the scenes snap from VMAs Make up
       artist's secrets
      Jennifer Lopez grinds on new beau Drake before the two share a
       kiss... while their duet plays in the background Kissing, grinding
       and dancing the night away
      'I get to love him forever!' Bachelor vet Selma Alameri marries
       Patrick Daniels in intimate city hall ceremony after six month
       engagement
      New year, new Sherlock: Benedict Cumberbatch on marriage, children
       - and why we'll see a very different side to the supersleuth in the
       new series
      My haven, Rick Astley: The singer and songwriter, 50, in the
       recording studio at his home in Surrey Rick Astley shows us around
       his recording studio
      Making waves! Alessandra Ambrosio drops jaws in tiny yellow bikini
       The 35-year-old was in Santa Catarina on Friday with her family
      'Not all the senators think I'm insane': General Leia deleted scene
       from The Force Awakens surfaces online days after Carrie Fisher's
       death
      Carrie Fisher autopsy conclusion gets 'deferred' because cause of
       death 'is not obvious' The 60-year-old actress suffered a cardiac
       arrest
      'I am filled with gratitude': Bachelor's Alex Nation reflects on a
       landmark 2016 as her son Elijah, six, spends New Year's Eve with
       his father Joel Porter
      'It's magical they are together': Todd Fisher reveals how it was
       Debbie Reynolds' 'destiny' to be with his sister Carrie Fisher as
       'he watched her will herself to die'
      How I got my voice back: Dumped by the BBC, Sir Tom Jones is back
       on The Voice for its first ITV series. Here, he tells how his TV
       return is helping him cope with the loss of his wife
      A dozen less lonely girls! Justin Bieber flashes his tattoos as he
       looks delighted to greet bikini-clad Beliebers in Barbados Looked
       to be in great spirits
      Serena Williams flashes gold ring on Snapchat after touching down
       in New Zealand with new fiance Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian
      New year, new me: Marnie Simpson confirms she and Lewis Bloor have
       split on Twitter after revealing she is 'starting the new year with
       a break up'
      'Go home Heather. You're drunk': The Bachelor's Heather Maltman
       attends New Year's Eve party in a nightdress as she admits she had
       too much to drink
      Heather Graham shows off her bikini body while on the beach in
       Miami with boyfriend producer Tommy Alastra
      She's got great jeans! Make-up free Kate Hudson rocks denim
       snowsuit as she looks exhausted after a day hitting the slopes in
       Aspen
      Kris Jenner and Melanie Griffith go shopping in Aspen as they
       prepare to see in the New Year in the Rockies resort Spotted
       strolling arm-in-arm
      'You made me cry because it was so beautiful!' Miley Cyrus breaks
       down in tears as she hears young cancer patient sing at children's
       hospital
      Leelee Sobieski hits the beach in St. Barts in stripy one-piece as
       she enjoys Caribbean getaway with hubby The swimsuit drew attention
       to the actress's shapely legs
      Fight night! Mickey Rourke  and Eric Roberts attend screening of
       Ronda Rousey documentary in Hollywood
      Fantastic four-some! Jessica Alba rocks relaxed island vibe in
       peekaboo kaftan as she poses for selfie with husband Cash and their
       two daughters
      Don't drop the ball! Mariah Carey is assigned special team to make
       sure she isn't late for Times Square NYE gig The diva is set to
       ring in 2017
      'I hope it helps raise awareness': Corrie's Kym Marsh relives her
       devastating miscarriage pain in a bid to educate others Actress
       lost her son Archie at 21 weeks
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Anna Gordon, who works for Prince
       Charles, it set to become the first ever aristocrat to have a gay
       wedding
      Party time! Kendall Jenner flashes nipple in sheer bra as she
       cosies up to Kylie in festive snap Photo on Friday showed the
       sisters at a bash
      Kourtney Kardashian and estranged partner Scott Disick take to the
       slopes for another day of skiing during family getaway with kids In
       Aspen on Friday
      'I've been through some s!' Keke Palmer tells fans she was
       sexually abused as she promotes new book via Facebook Live Scream
       Queen star's success is hard-earned
      Alessandra Ambrosio displays killer body in racy cut-out swimsuit
       as she documents the start of her New Year celebrations in Brazil
       on Instagram
      Need a LiLo? Lindsay Lohan flashes her cleavage in chic white
       bikini as she braves the freezing cold sea during her winter break
       in Abu Dhabi
      Off to bed! Samantha Womack slips into her pyjamas as she leaves
       theatre in Milton Keynes... as her panto co-star Stacey Solomon
       tries to make a low-key exit
      Madison Beer flaunts her incredible figure in a retro bikini as she
       stops for a picnic in Miami with Vine star boyfriend Jack Gilinksy
      First clip of Emma Watson singing in Beauty in the Beast is leaked
       by release of musical Belle doll in stores
      'Laughter is the word of the day': Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna
       get the giggles en route to scenic Florida getaway with dad John
       Legend
      Carrie Fisher's death will trigger biggest EVER personal accident
       insurance claim after Disney took out £41MILLION policy in case she
       couldn't finish Star Wars films
      'I'm literally blue': Bella Thorne shows off her stained cheeks and
       ear after dying her hair ultramarine...while on her way to the
       Bahamas Revealed lingering colour on Snapchat
      Hammer time! Gwen Stefani and her boys sing along to U Can't Touch
       This at Blake Shelton's Oklahoma ranch Epic dance party
      Shirtless Mark Wahlberg displays his enviable six-pack as he hits
       the beach in Barbados with stunning wife Rhea
      Beach babe Izabel Goulart shows off impeccably toned tum in skimpy
       pink bikini as she tops up her tan in St Barts
      'Kickin' mountain butt!' Julianne Hough goes snowboarding with her
       sister Marabeth in new Instagram picture  Having a blast in the
       mountains
      She's a model mom! Alessandra Ambrosio gets in a mess with her kids
       as they play Pieface Showdown Messy fun
      Puppy love! Glam Danielle Lloyd takes her boys and cute pet puppy
       food shopping... as she 'retweets bizarre rant against rival Maria
       Fowler'  A doting mum
      Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie
       Rogers announce plans to wed Posted a sweet photograph online
      TOWIE's Kate Wright wows in a saucy bathroom selfie as she shows
       off her ample assets in stunning swimwear while holidaying in Dubai
      Screen legend Debbie Reynolds 'to be buried in her favourite red
       dress suit' in joint funeral with her daughter Carrie Fisher after
       the pair died just a day apart
      HBO moves up premiere date for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds
       documentary Bright Lights The US channel will air the show next
       week
      'That was really hard!' Eva Longoria bemoans jet pack fail after
       crashing into water during holiday in Mexico The 41-year-old was in
       the air for just seconds
      'This one felt good' A very generous Dwayne Johnson surprises his
       dad with a shiny new car for the holidays Star posted his thanks
       for father's sacrifices
      Is THAT why they split? Mariah Carey found James Packer's Hunter
       Valley estate 'a little too outback' during brief holiday in
       Australia 'She was not impressed'
      'Happy New Year!' Mariah Carey makes gingerbread houses with the
       twins Passing on the holiday traditions to Moroccan and Monroe
      'Never too old for a bikini': Davina McCall, 49, shows off her
       impeccably toned abs in a colourful two-piece She's a fitness
       enthusiast ready to spread the word
      'Her life was the red carpet': Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband gives
       touching eulogy at her funeral... as he reveals Kirk Douglas helped
       star after stroke
      'Feelin' beachy!' Bethenny Frankel shows off her slim figure in a
       sexy two-tone bikini while on holiday in Mexico
      Cheers! Christina El Moussa shares champagne toast with new beau
       Gary Anderson's daughter in snowy Utah after split from hubbby
       Tarek
      Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, and Drew Barrymore to present at
       next week's Golden Globes Fellow presenter Laura Dern co-stars in
       HBO's Big Little Lies
      She's Dunn it again! Model Jourdan shows off unbelievably long legs
       and enviably toned figure in another bikini snap from idyllic
       Barbados break British beauty
      Belles of the ball! Daughters of the world's most elite and wealthy
       families splash out more than $100K on gowns and glitz to attend
       the 62nd International Debutante Ball
      'Kisses from my baby girl': Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of
       Harper writing 'I love mummy and daddy' on the sand during Maldives
       break
      Teen Mom 2's Chelsea DeBoer is 'kind of freaking out' about
       welcoming second child The 25-year-old and her husband of two
       months, Cole, are planning for a natural birth in February
      EXCLUSIVE: How Kenny Goss, the love of George Michael's life, has
       quietly found a new partner and dedicated himself to the foundation
       he and the singer set up for young artists
      Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban arrive back in LA with their
       daughters after spending Christmas with their family in Australia
      Busty Lauryn Goodman shows off her extremely peachy posterior in a
       gold swimsuit on Mykonos beach break Been on a new diet
      The tragic tale of Sia's first love: Death of boyfriend Daniel
       Pontifex in 1997 led to downward spiral which almost claimed her
       life... as she files for divorce
      Sia files for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang due to
       'irreconcilable differences' after two years of marriage
      'Pimp my ride': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi posts
       VERY busty selfie on New Year's Eve as she shows off her car's
       interior
      'Has it got good legs and smell good?': Ritchie Neville compares
       women to wine as Thom Evans strips off on Take Me Out celebrity
       special  They've all been unlucky-in-love
      Emma Forbes, 51, gives a saucy flash of cleavage in daring plunging
       swimsuit as she shows off slender figure on the beach in Barbados
      Some-ring to smile about? Giddy Adele sports THAT glittering
       'wedding band' on day out with son Angelo... amid speculation she's
       married Simon Konecki
      'Thanks for toning me up'! MIC's Louise Thompson sports sexy
       scarlet swimsuit as she thanks her personal trainer beau for
       transforming her body
      What a rock! Gilmore Girl's Danny Strong announces his engagement
       to indie actress Caitlin Mehner with snap of the stunning diamond
       ring
      'Real witches do real things': Azealia Banks shares bizarre video
       of herself cleaning feathers and blood from closet after three
       years sacrificing chickens
      Joe Jones steps out hand in hand with Sophie Turner and brother
       Nick in Miami after his ex got engaged  Game of Thrones star in
       Miami on Friday
      Mom's the word! Sarah Jessica Parker rocks casual chic as she
       visits Washington DC with twin daughters Shopping with Tabitha and
       Marion on Friday
      Making a splash! Real Housewives star Dorit Kemsley flashes
       cleavage and killer post-baby physique while cuddling daughter on
       beach in bikini
      This Christmas, I give you the charts: Best-loved singles and
       albums of the late George Michael dominate festive record sales...
       as debate over his new music rages on
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, shows youngest children Mercy and
       David how to take the slopes of Switzerland in style as they enjoy
       festive trip
      The EX Factor! Singer Christopher Maloney splits with fiancé Gary
       Doran after two-year engagement Maloney, 38, got down on one knee
       in 2015
      'My boy!' Sofia Vergara smoulders for the camera as she celebrates
       Joe Manganiello's birthday in Bora Bora
      TRHOOC's Meghan King Edmonds 'back to blonde' after welcoming
       daughter Aspen The 32-year-old new mother ended her '9 month ombré
       hiatus' at her 'fave St. Louis salon!'
      I'm back! Evan Rachel Wood grins happily as she braves the holiday
       crowds to jet into Los Angeles Llooking pretty dashing in yellow on
       Friday
      'It's not so funny!' Ryan Seacrest gets stuck in elevator on his
       way to film Good Morning America and snaps selfies with fellow
       passengers
      Bikini-clad Jacqueline Jossa shows off her figure as she packs on
       the PDA with fiancé Dan Osborne in Mexico... after lashing out at
       cruel body shamers
      'He knows everything about her': Danielle Lloyd is 'worried'
       ex-husband Jamie O'Hara and former gal pal Nicola McLean will spill
       her secrets on CBB
      'Same smile but much healthier!' Scarlett Moffatt reflects on three
       stone weight loss in before and after snap as she shows off slim
       figure in racy bodysuit
      No luck at bingo? 'Homeless' Danniella Westbrook grabs lunch at
       budget eatery after spending the evening gambling  Snack break
      'No, I haven't had a boob job! Millie Mackintosh shows off her
       cleavage in a bust-boosting retro bikini on romantic break to South
       Africa
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust and tiny waist in a
       skimpy black bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Works out
       every day
      Move aside, Pammy! Tallia Storm, 18, does her best Baywatch
       impression in a red swimsuit on Barbados getaway with pal Chris
       Evans, 50
      Newly-single Vogue Williams snaps a sizzling selfie in a retro
       black bikini and chic fedora as she moves on from Laurence Fox
       split Irish model
      Busy mum Coleen Rooney flaunts her toned pins in snake-print
       leggings as she grabs a quick coffee after busy family Christmas
       Hitting the gym?
      'Please tell me the baby isn't wearing earrings!': Sallie Axl faces
       backlash after sharing snap of her daughter, six months, in face
       mask and jewellery
      Peter's mini-me! Junior Andre busts out some serious moves as he
       dances alongside Princess in cute video Wonder where he gets it
       from?
      Jessie Wallace layers up in biker boots and a leather jacket as she
       heads to theatre rehearsals in Southampton  Keeping things casual
      Chloe Grace Moretz hits the slopes with her brothers in Telluride
       after recently battling a 'mega-virus' Looked in great spirits
       during the family trip
      General Hospital actress Barbara Tarbuck dies of human mad cow
       disease at 74 14-year run on the ABC soap from 1996 until 2010
      Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher WILL be buried in joint funeral,
       Todd Fisher confirms, as he's picutred visitng the cemetery to plan
       the service
      Here's to a bright fuchsia! Newly-slim Frankie Essex is the
       ultimate beach babe in Spain... as she prepares to ring in New Year
       2st lighter
      Lindsay Lohan relaxes in bikini top and shorts as she suns herself
       in Abu Dhabi... day after revealing she's 'pushing' for Mean Girls
       sequel
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hanks's new granddaughter emerges in public
       for first time after troubled son Chet credits baby for newfound
       sobriety
      Desperately Seeking Bertram! Cheeky Rose displays her ample
       cleavage and peachy derriere in a lace bustier as she stars in day
       30 of LOVE advent
      No nip-slip today M'Lady? Victoria Hervey makes waves on a jet-ski
       in Barbados as she showcases her washboard abs in a sizzling white
       bikini
      Photographer who captured the iconic picture of Carrie Fisher
       watching mum Debbie Reynolds on stage reveals the pair's adoring
       relationship
      Young love! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look cosy as
       they cuddle up in flirty Snapchat video... as they enjoy skiing
       getaway in Switzerland
      Briana Jungwirth's stepfather threatens owner of One Direction fan
       sites with lawsuit over comments made about her and ex Louis
       Tomlinson
      Ashley James puts on a very busty display in a white string bikini
       as she enjoys a sun-soaked beach day in Dubai She's a firm advocate
       of body confidence
      They should be so lucky! Pop star Kylie Minogue leaves staff in a
       small Scottish sweet shop 'spinning around' with a surprise visit
       to buy dolly mixtures
      Clifford T.I. Harris 'tries to convince Tameka Tiny Cottle to end
       divorce proceedings' It seemed like their love story was all over
      Robert Kennedy Jr. says he's PROUD of son Conor who is facing a
       year in jail after 'beating a man who used homophobic slur and then
       resisting arrest
      Kim Cattrall hits back at the 'distant relatives' accusing her of
       replacing their mother's gravestone with one bizarrely bearing her
       OWN NAME by claiming they're not even family
      Mexi-glow! Make-up free Eva Longoria shows off her trim figure in
       khaki bikini on beach holiday Snapchat She is used to glamming up

      Today's headlines
      Most Read

      We are proof Dry January really IS worth doing: 5 drinkers who gave
       up alcohol for a month reveal their...
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note...
      How to beat the cough that is plaguing our QUEEN and COUNTRY: Avoid
       cold and dry air, but keep moving around
      Harrods restaurant staff 'lose £5,000 a year because the store
       won't pass on tips': Workers plan protest...
      Britons spend six times more on rail fares than Europeans do:
       Commuters spending a seventh of their income...
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images...
      Orkney 'seeks independence from Scotland': Islanders consider their
       options following Brexit vote
      Man is shot dead by police on sliproad to the M62 in 'pre-planned
       operation'
      Incredible moment a two-year-old boy saves his twin from being
       crushed beneath a fallen dresser
      British soldier dies in Iraq but their death is 'not as the result
       of enemy activity'
      British man who joined Kurdish forces to fight against ISIS is
       killed in northern Syria during battle to...
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish...
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of...
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS...
      German police arrest Syrian refugee 'who asked ISIS for £150,000 to
       turn cars into suicide bombs he could...
      ISIS release shocking video of double suicide blast which killed 27
       in Baghdad marketplace
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an...
      Will you make a fortune in 2017? There's turbulence ahead but
       thanks to a rare planetary alignment we can...
      Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after
       appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of...
      Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed
       for 10-year-olds leaves the internet...
      'That could gag a maggot!': Lump of yellow goop growing on a man's
       back for 30 YEARS is finally squeezed -...
      Mayhem at airports as immigration system inexplicably crashes -
       causing huge lines and hours of disruption...
      Care home has blood on its hands over my mother's death: Daughter
       accuses staff after her mum died eight...
      Can sugar really give you CANCER? Diet author reveals how the
       smallest amount can trigger health problems...
      Leaving EU customs union could create 400,000 jobs in UK:
       Pro-Brexit Change Britain group argue staying in...
      ROBERT HARDMAN: Why the EU's hypocrite-in-chief is a prime example
       of the hubris that could tear it apart
      Woman is wrongly branded a prostitute when feuding neighbour
       plasters pictures of her naked on a horse...
      Corbyn has lost 44  of Labour voters from 2015: Party could lose
       90 seats at an election after four million...
      Farage aide facing 20 years and £200,000 fine after admitting
       posing as a money launderer in online drug...
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a...
      Man arrested for trying to smuggle a migrant in the DASHBOARD of a
       car across Moroccan border with Spain
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after...
      Golf expert, 61, who dined with royalty to secure sponsorship deals
       for the PGA European Tour worth more...
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply...
      Vinyl lovers made 2016 a record year... for records! Sales hit a
       25-year high after more than 3.2million LPs...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is...
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and
       Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream...
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step...
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's...
      Supermarket price war kicks off as Morrisons cuts the cost of 800
       items to entice shoppers on tighter...
      Fertility clinics 'are selling false hope' to the over-40s: Number
       freezing their eggs double in a year but...
      Putting this rabble in charge of the Press would be like putting
       the Kray Twins in charge of the Police...
      Britain's deserted shopping malls: Visits to stores plunge by HALF
       on New Year's Day - as online sales...
      Taxman could start sharing your records with town halls so
       officials can chase you for council arrears and...
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic...
      EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: A ‘Jezza-Jemima’ romantic alliance would mark
       an uplifting start to 2017
      'We knew she had a purpose': Mother details her heartbreaking
       decision to carry her terminally-ill baby to...
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed...

      MORE HEADLINES

      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH VINE on
       how British society is in the grip of an out of control
       binge-drinking culture
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into drunken
       carnage just hours before it marked its new status as Britain’s
       ‘art city’
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna: Seven
       months after London's first 'luxury commune' opened its doors every
       room is full and the oldest resident is just 44
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star
       had tried to kill himself many times
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the
       streets of Britain as revellers see in 2017 with a night of
       fighting, vomiting and a LOT of flesh on show
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of 'ISIS killer' and quiz
       eight people over New Year's Eve attack
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes online hit
       after mother secretly films her performing alone in a cathedral
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne
       gentlemen's club 'where she was partying with several mystery men'
       - and her body is not discovered until the next day when they had
       fled
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the holidays with
       his wife and kids at their mansion
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note blaming the NHS for failing
       to deal with their mental health problems'
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is cancelled AFTER
       they get on the plane
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven minutes
       and EIGHTEEN manoeuvres to reverse her tiny car into a huge space
      PC is sacked for ‘lying to defend’ her police officer partner after
       he was spotted pushing a pram while he was off-sick with a shoulder
       injury - but he gets to KEEP his job
      Drug dealer who paid for his wife's BOOB JOB and a £15,000 Mercedes
       with dirty money is ordered to repay £109,000
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash is doled out in
       envelopes and on ATM cards loaded with money
      Grandson is left red-faced when his gran, 70, opens the photo album
       he got her for Christmas to find old pictures of ANT MCPARTLIN
       inside
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she
       blamed on faulty earpiece
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss
      Jack Russell dog needs emergency treatment after his mouth is glued
       shut when he bites into shiny brochure in the letterbox
      Desperate hunt for missing mother, 23, who was last seen three days
       ago wearing a peach onesie and Mickey Mouse pumps
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS gunman who brought terror to
       Istanbul nightclub
      Fitness instructor given an anonymous £9,000 by George Michael for
       IVF treatment lays flowers outside the dead pop star's home
      Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's
       girlfriend poses for series of racy publicity photos after landing
       a daytime TV show role 13 years before their royal romance began
      Pit bull kills a small dog in front of its horrified owner while
       she helplessly cries for it to stop in Los Angeles
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed as a WW2 Spitfire
       fighter pilot
      Theresa May WILL stop EU migrants from claiming benefits under new
       post-Brexit plan
      EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into
       a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her
       Times Square meltdown
      Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her
       21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts
      The sickening moment a daredevil's leap from a third floor balcony
       into a hotel pool goes disastrously wrong when he MISSES and
       smashes feet first on concrete
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the terror group’s gunman kills 39
       New Year’s Eve revellers in an Istanbul nightclub
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a devastating New Year’s Day
       blaze
      The first 'ghosts' caught on camera: How these 'spirit photographs'
       had the world captivated in the 1920s... but all wasn't as it seems
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's Day
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step up hunt for
       witnesses
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply wrote an 'x' on the
       delivery form
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her
       best work)
      ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain, warns
       minister as he calls on citizens to help identify 'the enemy
       within'
      How Quality Street brought treats to the poor, how the Wall Street
       Crash created Nescafe and the birth of Coca-Cola: Secrets of our
       top brands revealed
      'I will miss my Abadaba and my Momby': Billie Lourd breaks her
       silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother
       Debbie Reynolds
      Time to check down the back of the sofa! Rare 1926 George V
       sovereign could be worth up to £37,000
      Pit bull mauls family who tried to put him in a Christmas sweater
       and is only captured after being stabbed, Tasered, then shot with a
       tranquilizer dart AND a shotgun
      'I made a promise to help - I couldn't have done nothing':
       Incredible £140,000 transformation of Bosnian boy with a facial
       deformity thanks to the big-hearted British soldier who spotted him
       while on patrol
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish secularists by posing in
       Taksim Square protest site as different CCTV clips shows the wanted
       man roaming Istanbul before the massacre
      There’s someone behind you! Spooked couple buy CCTV – and see a
       GHOST following them down their driveway
      Welcome to 2017! New Year begins with ice, snow, rain and sleet and
       temperatures as low as minus 7C as Severe Weather Warning is
       issued
      Saved by his cellphone: Delaware businessman, 35, cheats death in
       Istanbul nightclub terror attack and his headed home after his
       phone takes impact of bullet shot by 'ISIS' gunman who killed 39
      Pensioner's body is found in a ferry's ventilation shaft two months
       after she disappeared when her husband went to sleep on a
       sunlounger
      'Wet elephant' taxpayer-funded £18MILLION tidal energy scheme
       supposed to power 600 homes stops working after just three months
      Massive python unhooks its jaw to gobble down a wallaby WHOLE... to
       the amazement of a nearby horse
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      MOST READ IN DETAIL

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
<file=42>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
   (Submit) Find local news
      Home
      UK
      World
      Business
      Politics
      Tech
      Science selected
      Health
      Education
      Entertainment  Arts
      Video  Audio
      Magazine
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say
      Disability

   Science  Environment
   Science  Environment

Saturn's weird hexagon changes colour

      25 October 2016
      From the section Science  Environment

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-37766918
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel
   Saturn hexagon Image copyright NASA

   The mysterious hexagon at Saturn's northern pole has changed colour
   from blue to gold, scientists have said.

   The hexagon is essentially a rotating cloud pattern; its shape may
   originate as the result of large differences in the speeds of Saturn's
   winds.

   The observation was made by Nasa's Cassini spacecraft, which has been
   exploring the sixth planet since 2004.

   The change in colour is thought to be the result of seasonal changes on
   the planet.

   In particular, the amount of sunlight falling on the poles affects the
   production of suspended particles - aerosols - in the atmosphere.

   Scientists think the shift from a bluish colour to a golden one may be
   due to more aerosols being produced through reactions involving
   sunlight and the atmosphere.

   This could be happening as the planet's north pole reaches its summer
   solstice in May 2017.

   Cassini was despatched to Saturn in 1997, to better understand the
   processes operating on Saturn and perhaps other giant planets.

   Using computer simulations, scientists have shown that small
   perturbations in winds flowing around the north pole can form a hexagon
   shape rotating at speeds close to those of the real one.

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

Top Stories

   Man dies in police motorway shooting

   A man dies in a police shooting during a "pre-planned" operation near a
   motorway.
   3 January 2017
   Briton killed fighting IS in Syria
   3 January 2017
   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks
   3 January 2017

Features

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

House prices 2017

   Will your home rise or fall in value this year?
   Video

High flyer

   Does the 'superjumbo' have a future?
   Video

50 years of gadgets

   Five decades of the CES tech show

Could it be magic?

   Gary Barlow launches new talent show

Sound of 2017: Nadia Rose

   The wise-cracking rapper taking on male-dominated hip-hop

Look this way

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?
   Video

Get in the game!

   How I was digitised as a video game character

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      UK
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Alba
           Wales
           Cymru
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      Business
           Business Home
           Your Money
           Market Data
           Markets
           Companies
           Economy
      Politics
           Politics Home
           Parliaments
           Brexit
      Tech
      Science selected
      Health
      Education
           Education Home
           School Report
           Global Education
      Entertainment  Arts
      Video  Audio
      Magazine
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say
      Disability

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=43>
   alternate alternate New York Post WordPress.com

Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.

   Back to Reading

      News
      Metro
      Page Six
      Sports
      Business
      Opinion
      Entertainment
      Fashion
      Living
      Media
      Tech
      Real Estate
      Sub Menu 1
           Photos
           Video
           Covers
           Columnists
           Horoscopes
      Sub Menu 2
           Classifieds
           Subscribe

      Sign in

In The News:

   hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york
   mets

   Sections Search  (search)
   Tips Sign in
   New York Post

Most Popular

   26,873
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

I totally transformed my body with these easy steps

   18,888
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve

   14,208
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

Mark Zuckerberg reveals he's no longer an atheist

   12,719
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus'

   12,067
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

The world's 'hottest felon' is now living the high life

   11,834
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher

Share this:

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Google
      WhatsApp
      Email
      Copy
     

   News

Share this:

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Google
      WhatsApp
      Email
      Copy
     

Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

   By Lauren Tousignant
      View author archive
      email the author
      follow on twitter
      Get author RSS feed

   Name(required) 
   Email(required) 
   Comment(required)
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   Submit »

   October 27, 2016 | 11:53am | Updated October 28, 2016 | 9:07am
   Modal Trigger Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’
   aliens
   ESA/NASA

   A team of astronomers believes that strange signals emanating from a
   cluster of stars are actually aliens trying to tell the universe they
   exist.

   The study, which appeared in the Publications of the Astronomical
   Society of the Pacific, analyzed the odd beams of light from 234 stars
   — a fraction of the 2.5 million that were observed.

   The bizarre beacons led the paper’s authors, Ermanno F. Borra and Eric
   Trottier from Laval University in Quebec, to conclude that it’s
   “probably” aliens.
   The Sloan Digital Sky Survey telescope in Sunspot, New MexicoSDSS/NASA

   “We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an
   [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous
   publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,” wrote
   Borra and Trottier.

   They also note that their findings align with the Extraterrestrial
   Intelligence (ETI) hypothesis, since the mysterious activity only
   occurred in a tiny fraction of stars. The hypothesis also suggests that
   an intelligent life force would use a more sophisticated optical beacon
   than, say, radio waves to reveal its existence.

   Researchers sifted through data collected by the Sloan Digital Sky
   Survey — an 8-foot-diameter telescope in Sunspot, New Mexico — to
   separate natural signals from ones that appeared generated.

   But there are more skeptics than not, including the authors themselves,
   who acknowledge the hypothesis still needs work. For starters, the data
   need to be verified by at least two other telescopes and all natural
   causes need to be ruled out.

   “Although unlikely,” the study notes “there is also a possibility that
   the signals are due to highly peculiar chemical compositions in a small
   fraction of galactic halo stars.”

   Breakthrough Listen — a $100 million global effort to hunt for alien
   life, backed by Stephen Hawking and Mark Zuckerberg — said the signals
   are worth additional research, but not to get too excited.

   “It is too early to unequivocally attribute these purported signals to
   the activities of extraterrestrial civilizations,” the organization
   said in a statement. “Extraordinary claims require extraordinary
   evidence.”

   Scientists think they know where the aliens are hiding:


Share this:

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Google
      WhatsApp
      Email
      Copy
     

   Filed under aliens ,  extraterrestrial life ,  research ,  science ,
   space

Share this article:

Share this:

      Facebook
      Twitter
      Google
      WhatsApp
      Email
      Copy
     

   Read Next

   Yazidi sex slaves who escaped ISIS win human rights prize

   Read Next

   Yazidi sex slaves who escaped ISIS win human rights prize
   Most Popular This Week
   1 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm
   Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm
   2 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance
   Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance
   3 Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica
   Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica
   4 How this home intruder got what he deserved
   How this home intruder got what he deserved
   5 Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands
   Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands
   6 Debbie Reynolds rushed to the hospital
   Debbie Reynolds rushed to the hospital

   Share Selection

Trending Now

in News

   26,673
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

I totally transformed my body with these easy steps

   18,754
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve

   14,199
   Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens

Mark Zuckerberg reveals he's no longer an atheist

Yule Log

   [yule-log-new.gif]

Click here for The Post's HD Yule Log from now until the end of the year!

Now On

War of words escalates between Mariah Carey, production team

How the biggest celebrities spend New Year’s Eve

LuAnn de Lesseps and Tom D’Agostino’s ‘tacky’ wedding request

SEE ALL

Now On

10 Movies That Pushed The Boundaries Too Far

SEE ALL

Most Popular This Week

Science says these are the men who will make you...

Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance

Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica

How this home intruder got what he deserved

Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands

More Stories

pagesix

Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher

Now On

   Decider

The 10 Sexiest Hidden Gems on Netflix

nypost

I totally transformed my body with these easy steps

   New York Post
      Twitter
      Facebook
      Instagram

      Email Newsletters
      Mobile Apps
      Contact Us
      Tips

      Twitter
      Facebook
      Instagram

      Sections  Features
           News
           Real Estate
           Page Six
           Tech
           Sports
           Media
           Metro
           Photos
           Entertainment
           Video
           Business
           Alexa
           Opinion
           Covers
           Fashion
           Horoscopes
           Living
           Classifieds
      Newsletters  Feeds
           Email Newsletters
           RSS Feeds
           NYPost Store
           Home Delivery
               o Subscribe
               o Manage Subscription
               o Preferences
      Help/Support
           Customer Service
           App FAQ  Help
           Contact Us
               o Tips
               o Newsroom
               o Letters to the Editor
               o Reprints
               o Careers
      Apps
           iPhone App
           iPad App
           Android Phone
           Android Tablet
           Advertise
               o Media Kit
               o Contact

   Post Digital Network
     
     

   © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy
   | Your Ad Choices
   Powered by WordPress.com VIP

   News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of
   diversified media, news, and information services.
      News Corp
           HarperCollins
           Marketwatch
           realtor.com
           Dow Jones
           The Sun
           Storyful
           Wall Street Journal
           The Times
           Mansion Global
           New York Post
           The Australian
           Checkout51
           News America Marketing
           News.com.au
           Unruly

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TWX9Z9

NY Post

Never Miss a Story

   Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox
      [] NY Post Morning Report
      [] Page Six Daily
      [] Breaking News
      [] Special Offers

   Email  (Submit) Sign Up

   By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
   X

   Send to Email Address  Your Name
    Your Email Address 
   
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Copy

Share URL:

   

   Copy Link

Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up

With your existing account from...

With your existing account

   { loginWidget }

Use an account with your email address

Or with a NYPost.com account

   { userInformationForm } { traditionalSignInemailAddress } {
   traditionalSignInpassword }
   { traditionalSignInsignInButton }{ traditionalSignIncreateButton
   }
   { /userInformationForm }

Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up

Welcome back, { welcomeName }

   { loginWidget }
   Or use NYPost.com account

Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up

Welcome back

Welcome back,

   { welcomeName }
   { userInformationForm } { traditionalSignInemailAddress } {
   traditionalSignInpassword }
   { traditionalSignInsignInButton }
   { /userInformationForm }
   Use an account with your email address
   Or use another account

Almost Done!

Please confirm the information below before signing in.

Please confirm the information below.

   { socialRegistrationForm } { socialRegistrationemailAddress } {
   socialRegistrationdisplayName } { socialRegistrationageVerification
   } By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of
   service and have read and understand privacy policy.
   { backButton }
   { socialRegistrationsignInButton }
   { /socialRegistrationForm }

Almost Done!

   { registrationForm } { traditionalRegistrationemailAddress } {
   traditionalRegistrationpassword } {
   traditionalRegistrationpasswordConfirm } {
   traditionalRegistrationdisplayName } {
   traditionalRegistrationcaptcha } {
   traditionalRegistrationageVerification } By clicking "Create
   account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have
   read and understand our privacy policy.
   { backButton }
   { createAccountButton }
   { /registrationForm }

Create a new password Forgot
Password?

Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password.

   { forgotPasswordForm } { traditionalSignInemailAddress }
   { backButton }
   { forgotPasswordsendButton }
   { /forgotPasswordForm }

Create a new password Sent!

   We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your
   existing password has not been changed.

   We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.
   Close

Account Already Exists

   { mergeAccounts }

   { backButton }

Sign in to complete account merge

   { tradAuthenticateMergeForm } { traditionalSignInemailAddress }
   { mergePassword }
   { traditionalSignInsignInButton }
   { /tradAuthenticateMergeForm }
<file=44>
    alternate alternate TIME WordPress.com

   TIME

Time.com

   MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE
   Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment
   Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas
   Parents TIME Labs
   Money LIFE The Daily Cut
   Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room
   The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices
   The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World
   Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy
   Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices Ad Choices
   RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site
   Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.

2016 Election

   MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE

   MORE
   (Submit) U.S. Edition
      U.S. Edition
      Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition
      Asia Edition
      South Pacific Edition

2016 Election

31 Numbers That Explain the 2016 Election

   More Election Coverage

Joe Biden Says Hillary Clinton Felt Feminist Duty to Run

   More Election Coverage

Donald Trump Wants a Certain ‘Look’ in His Cabinet

   More Election Coverage

The Electoral College Vote Played Out Like the Rest of 2016

   More Election Coverage

Judge Orders Release of FBI Search Warrant for Hillary Clinton’s Email Server

   More Election Coverage

Electoral College Meets Amid Last-Ditch Effort to Deny Donald Trump the
Presidency

   More Election Coverage

Donald Trump’s Aides Say He Won Fairly, Russian Meddling or Not

   More Election Coverage

The U.S. Will Take Action Against Russian Hacking, President Obama Says

   More Election Coverage

Why It’s Hard to End the Electoral College

   More Election Coverage

Why Jill Stein’s Recount Push is Bad News for Democrats

   More Election Coverage
   TIME Entertainment Music

Weird Al Yankovic Moderates Fiery Auto-Tuned Version of the Final
Presidential Debate

      Megan McCluskey

   Oct. 21, 2016
   SHARE

Al poses some excellent questions

   With the abundance of sound bites to come out of Wednesday’s
   presidential debate, it seems only fitting that Weird Al Yankovic —
   parody songwriter extraordinaire — would step in to create an
   auto-tuned spoof of the night’s discussion.

   In his new video for “Bad Hombres, Nasty Women,” the 56-year-old singer
   replaces Chris Wallace as the moderator of the final showdown between
   Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, interspersing his own mocking
   commentary with the two candidates’ remarks. Notable lyrics include,
   “Can everyone achieve the American dream or should they sign up for my
   Ponzi scheme?,” and, “To stop a cold war what should we be doing —
   would you go thumb wrestle Vladimir Putin?”

   Watch the full video below.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/FdBF6h7oH5I?feature=oembed

   Tap to read full story

Read Next

   Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at
   http://update.microsoft.com

      Home
      U.S.
      Politics
      World
      Business
      Tech
      Health
      Science
      Entertainment
      Newsfeed
      Living
      Ideas
      Parents
      Sports
      History
      The TIME Vault
      Magazine
      Subscribe
      Give a Gift
      TIME Shop
      Press Room
      Newsletters
      Customer Service
      Site Map
      Privacy Policy
      Your California Privacy Rights
      Terms of Use
      Advertising
      Ad Choices Ad Choices
      Careers

   © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
     

YOU BROKE TIME.COM!

   Dear TIME Reader,
   As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great
   journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has
   great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we
   cover our costs is through advertising.
   The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you
   with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so
   that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have
   become accustomed to.
   The TIME Team

   [p?c1=2c2=6035728c3=c4=c5=c6=c15=cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=45>
   publisher IrishCentral Feed

   [tr?id=1582350915316881ev=PageViewnoscript=1]

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation Logo-irish-central-navigation (Submit)
      NEWS

Sections
           Politics
           Irish Voice
           Irish Echo
           Community
           Nuzhound

Featured:

Popular:
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Mother of Pogues’ Shane MacGowan killed in car crash
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Killarney named among top places in the world to retire
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Robert Kennedy, Jr. “proud” of son for bar brawl, resisting arrest
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Elderly couple once on Death Row now spend their time healing in Galway
      OPINION

Sections
           Niall O'Dowd
           Cahir O'Doherty
           Kayla Hertz
           Other Writers

Featured:

Popular:
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Patriot’s Day shows Boston’s heroes at their best on the city’s worst day
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Talking Trump, Ireland at Mar-a-Lago with new Irish ambassador-to-be
      BUSINESS

Sections
           Startups
           Influencers

Featured:

Popular:
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

A year in Dublin tech
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Is this new Irish snack set to become the world’s next biggest health trend?
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Liam Neeson wants to put Dublin movie industry on the map
      ROOTS

Sections
           History
           Genealogy
           Irish America

Featured:

Popular:
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Ancient Irish health tips, remedies and cures for the New Year
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

New Year, new you - healthy, hearty Irish recipes
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

On New Year's Day 1892 Annie Moore was the first immigrant through Ellis
Island
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Top ten Irish New Year’s resolutions and why they’re never kept
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Nursing a hangover? The 11 best Irish hangover cures
      TRAVEL

Sections
           Best of Ireland
           Travel Tips
           Moving to Ireland

Featured:

Popular:
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

The Irish pub that became home base for 9/11 ground zero rescuers
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Over 10 million visit Ireland in record-breaking year for Irish tourism
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Top 10 most fabulous celebrity weddings in Ireland (PHOTOS)
      CULTURE

Sections
           Craic
           Entertainment
           Food  Drink
           Education

Featured:

Popular:
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Donal's recipe for delicious potato yeast rolls
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Wholesome porridge could help you live longer says experts (RECIPE)
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Top 10 most fabulous celebrity weddings in Ireland (PHOTOS)
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

Adele’s “Hello” sung as Gaeilge is just stunning (VIDEO)
       [logo-irish-central-navigation-fd9ebff9906131d130a8127b351677fe.png
       ]

German photographer spends four years photographing Irish Travellers
      Shop

    (Submit) Search
      Subscribe
      Sign In

      facebook
      twitter
      instagram

   (BUTTON) Close
      HOME
      NEWS
           All News
           Politics
           Irish Voice
           Irish Echo
           Community
           Nuzhound
      OPINION
           All Opinion
           Niall O'Dowd
           Cahir O'Doherty
           Kayla Hertz
           Other Writers
      BUSINESS
           All Business
           Startups
           Influencers
      ROOTS
           All Roots
           History
           Genealogy
      TRAVEL
           All Travel
           Best of Ireland
           Travel Tips
           Moving to Ireland
      CULTURE
           All Culture
           Craic
           Entertainment
           Food  Drink
           Education
      SHOP

The weird and wonderful tales from Irish TV history (VIDEO)

   IrishCentral Staff
   @IrishCentral
   October 27, 2016 04:22 AM

   82SHARES
   /
   Loading

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/e5WP17nFeXw

   What do opera singing dogs, the seventh son of a seventh son, a fairy
   tree, a hunt for monsters in the lakes of Connemara, a UFO in
   Mullinahone, a stretcher race and a magician priest who balances his
   niece on a sword all have in common?

   They are all among the oddities captured by RTÉ, Ireland’s national
   broadcaster, throughout its decades of broadcasting. Their along among
   the clips featured in RTÉ Archives Weird and Wonderful collection
   released today (Oct 27) on the official UNESCO World Day for
   Audiovisual Heritage.

   RTÉ Archives, the largest audiovisual archive collection in Ireland,
   has marked the day delving into the vaults to fish out a collection of
   15 videos, which illustrate some eccentricities and nuances of Irish
   life in the 1960s, 70s and 80s.

   RTE Archive's "magician priest who balances his niece on a sword."
   3

   RTE Archive's "magician priest who balances his niece on a sword."

   The archives hold Ireland’s largest audio visual collection, with over
   650,000 thousand hours of moving image and sound recordings together
   with significant collections of photographs, manuscripts and
   administrative documents. The RTÉ Archives maintains and preserves a
   unique record of Irish life in the interest of the Irish public.

   Curator at RTÉ Archives, Liam Wylie, said “We really enjoyed putting
   the Weird and the Wonderful collection together. It is a presentation
   of some of the more offbeat or bizarre stories of Irish life captured
   by RTÉ that will make you smile. We also hope it will make you think
   about the value of preserving audiovisual content for the future.”

   UNESCO declared October 27 as the World Day for Audiovisual Heritage to
   raise awareness of the significance of AV documents and to draw
   attention to the need to safeguard them.  Every year, activities are
   organized by different institutions worldwide around a theme.  The
   theme for 2016 is “It’s Your Story – Don’t Lose It.”

   RTE Archive's footage of a report on horse meat.
   3

   RTE Archive's footage of a report on horse meat.

   Commenting on the World Day for Audiovisual Heritage, Bríd Dooley, Head
   of RTÉ Archives and newly elected President of the international audio
   visual professional representative organization FIAT/ IFTA said “The
   archives abound with stories which clearly connects our audiences
   everywhere. UNESCO World Day for Audiovisual Heritage is a great
   opportunity to showcase the importance of keeping these memories intact
   for future generations and to shine a light on the fantastic work of
   the audiovisual archive sector and the continued need for funding to
   preserve these precious collections.”

   The Weird and Wonderful collection is presented on RTÉ Archive’s
   website, where content from the archives is published daily. So far
   this year, over 1,000 stories have been made available with the site
   attracting 1.4 million visits to date in 2016. To keep up with the
   latest stories from the archives follow @RTEArchives on Facebook and
   Twitter.

   82SHARES
   /
   Loading

      Most
       Popular
      Most
       Recent

   [javascript]

Entertainment

   Adele’s “Hello” sung as Gaeilge is just stunning (VIDEO)
   [javascript]

Community

   The Irish pub that became home base for 9/11 ground zero rescuers
   [javascript]

News

   Elderly couple once on Death Row now spend their time healing in Galway
   [javascript]

Entertainment

   Top 10 most fabulous celebrity weddings in Ireland (PHOTOS)
   [javascript]

Culture

   German photographer spends four years photographing Irish Travellers
   [javascript]

Culture

   Nursing a hangover? The 11 best Irish hangover cures
   [javascript]

Entertainment

   Surprising meaning behind U2’s 1983 classic “New Year’s Day”
   [javascript]

News

   Mother of Pogues’ Shane MacGowan killed in car crash
   [javascript]

Entertainment

   The meaning behind January’s Claddagh birthstone ring
   [javascript]

Entertainment

   Adele’s “Hello” sung as Gaeilge is just stunning (VIDEO)
   [javascript]

History

   How “The Fields of Athenry” became Ireland’s most famous song
   [javascript]

Business

   Liam Neeson wants to put Dublin movie industry on the map
   [javascript]

Entertainment

   Top Irish dance influencers to follow in 2017
   [javascript]

Guinness Sponsored Videos

   What is it that makes Guinness so delicious?

Comments

   Loading

   Top of Page

   [loading-13e5afc00ef9775f764b09b605582acd.gif]

Search IrishCentral

   

   (Submit) Search

   © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC
   All rights reserved.

Basics

      Authors
      Topics
      About Us
      Contact Us
      Advertise
      Privacy Policy
      Terms and Conditions
      Register
      Sitemap

Sections

      News
      Opinion
      Business
      Roots
      Travel
      Culture

Irish Newsletter

   Subscribe to our Newsletter
   Email 
   Signup

Follow Us

      facebook
      twitter
      google-plus
      linked-in
      rss
      instagram

   © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved.
<file=46>
   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online
   TVShowbiz RSS feed Latest TVShowbiz Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
          TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      TVShowbiz
      U.S. Showbiz
      Headlines
      Arts
      Pictures
      Showbiz Boards

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

'He's going to have such a warped perception of life': Zoe Foster Blake says
her son's fame is 'weird'... and reveals a second child is on the horizon

   By Aneeta Bhole For Daily Mail Australia

   Published: 00:41 GMT, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 02:12 GMT, 31 October
   2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   3

   View
   comments

   With high profile parents, Hamish Blake and Zoe Foster Blake, it's no
   surprise that two-year-old Sonny has become a social media sensation.

   Speaking to TV Week, Zoe, 36, said as parents she and Hamish obviously
   think their son is 'awesome' but weren't expecting his sudden rise to
   fame.

   The mother-of-one worries that her son may have a 'warped perception of
   life' but has no intention of depriving her 436,000 Instagram followers
   of adorable snaps.

   Scroll down for video
   Famous: With high profile parents, Hamish Blake and Zoe Foster Blake,
   it's no surprise that two-year-old Sonny has become a social media
   sensation Famous: With high profile parents, Hamish Blake and Zoe
   Foster Blake, it's no surprise that two-year-old Sonny has become a
   social media sensation

   Famous: With high profile parents, Hamish Blake and Zoe Foster Blake,
   it's no surprise that two-year-old Sonny has become a social media
   sensation

   'It's so weird. We think he's awesome obviously, but total strangers
   come up to us in the street. He's going to have such a warped
   perception of life.

RELATED ARTICLES

      Previous
      1
      Next

      [351DCAC700000578-0-image-m-31465545461277.jpg] 'Marriage isn't
       always cupcakes': Zoe Foster-Blake says...
       [398116A700000578-0-image-m-51476841819944.jpg] Perfection: Zoe
       Foster Blake's adorable two-year-old son...
       [3935F4F000000578-0-image-m-481476536272014.jpg] 'It was very
       arrogant and indulgent of me': Zoe Foster Blake...
       [394BCEFC00000578-0-image-a-51476158566878.jpg] GOOD morning vibes
       only! Zoe Foster Blake reveals she...

Share this article

   Share

   'He'll think everyone is super-friendly and knows his name. He's never
   going to know what it's like to be an anonymous child.'

   The 36-year-old also revealed that it's no secret that she wants more
   children but says that she hasn't gotten round to it yet.
   'It's weird': The mother-of-one worries that her son may have a 'warped
   perception of life' but has no intention of depriving her 436,000
   Instagram followers of adorable snaps 'It's weird': The mother-of-one
   worries that her son may have a 'warped perception of life' but has no
   intention of depriving her 436,000 Instagram followers of adorable
   snaps

   'It's weird': The mother-of-one worries that her son may have a 'warped
   perception of life' but has no intention of depriving her 436,000
   Instagram followers of adorable snaps
   Adorable: The 36-year-old also revealed that Sonny (pictured) will be
   joined by a sibling one day admitting she's made it no secret that she
   wants more children Adorable: The 36-year-old also revealed that Sonny
   (pictured) will be joined by a sibling one day admitting she's made it
   no secret that she wants more children

   Adorable: The 36-year-old also revealed that Sonny (pictured) will be
   joined by a sibling one day admitting she's made it no secret that she
   wants more children

   'I make it no secret I'd like more, but I always said I'd wait until
   Sonny was two. He's just turned two so I'll get around to it.'

   But Zoe revealed her initial pregnancy was tough with her hip
   'breaking' making her hesitant to have another child - although she
   wants more.

   Meanwhile, Zoe's book The Wrong Girl has inspired a new hit television
   drama on Channel Ten which will see the talented author cameo as an
   intern.
   'He's just turned two so I'll get around to it': Zoe revealed her first
   pregnancy with adorable two-year-old Sonny (pictured) was tough on her
   physically so will wait to have more 'He's just turned two so I'll get
   around to it': Zoe revealed her first pregnancy with adorable
   two-year-old Sonny (pictured) was tough on her physically so will wait
   to have more

   'He's just turned two so I'll get around to it': Zoe revealed her first
   pregnancy with adorable two-year-old Sonny (pictured) was tough on her
   physically so will wait to have more

   'We think he's awesome obviously': Sonny made appearances on Zoe and
   famed radio host and father Hamish Blakes Instagram since he was a
   newborn 'We think he's awesome obviously': Sonny made appearances on
   Zoe and famed radio host and father Hamish Blakes Instagram since he
   was a newborn

   'We think he's awesome obviously': Sonny made appearances on Zoe and
   famed radio host and father Hamish Blakes Instagram since he was a
   newborn

   Zoe, who is the show's associate producer, has admitted to using her
   role and author title to land the appearance in an upcoming episode to
   air next month.

   'I asked to do a cameo,' she recently told The Daily Telegraph.

   'It was very arrogant and indulgent of me but I was like, 'It would be
   so much fun!'.'
   'I asked to do a cameo': Meanwhile, Zoe's book The Wrong Girl has
   inspired a new hit television drama on Channel Ten which will see the
   talented author cameo as an intern 'I asked to do a cameo': Meanwhile,
   Zoe's book The Wrong Girl has inspired a new hit television drama on
   Channel Ten which will see the talented author cameo as an intern

   'I asked to do a cameo': Meanwhile, Zoe's book The Wrong Girl has
   inspired a new hit television drama on Channel Ten which will see the
   talented author cameo as an intern
   The 36-year-old wife who shares Sonny with Hamish, will star alongside
   her husband, who portrays TV weatherman Hamilton in the show The Wrong
   Girl The 36-year-old wife who shares Sonny with Hamish, will star
   alongside her husband, who portrays TV weatherman Hamilton in the show
   The Wrong Girl

   The 36-year-old wife who shares Sonny with Hamish, will star alongside
   her husband, who portrays TV weatherman Hamilton in the show The Wrong
   Girl

   The 36-year-old wife of radio star Hamish Blake, 34, will star
   alongside her husband, who portrays TV weatherman Hamilton, and actress
   Jessica Marais, who plays producer Lily Woodward.

   'For me coming in, not being an actor, not knowing how to hit marks, I
   was going, 'Don't mess it up!'' she said.

   The Channel Ten drama premiered last month to glowing reviews and it
   also stars actor Ian Meadows, who plays Jessica's on-screen lover Pete
   Barnett.
   Out now: Zoe's full interview can be read in TV Week along with her
   beauty tips for cold sores Out now: Zoe's full interview can be read in
   TV Week along with her beauty tips for cold sores

   Out now: Zoe's full interview can be read in TV Week along with her
   beauty tips for cold sores
   Read more:
      Home :: TV WEEK
      www.dailytelegra...

Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

      Like DailyMail
      Follow MailOnline
      Follow DailyMail
      1 DailyMail



DON'T MISS

      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes twins Vivienne and Knox and
       daughter Shiloh for ice cream during ski trip... as she jets away
       from divorce drama
      'I could fit a whole head in one cup': Scarlett Moffatt praises
       regime for shrinking her J cup bust by 7in... as she hits back at
       weight trolls Lost 3st 4lb in total
      Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red
       carpet argument' at her Lion premiere just days before dancing up a
       storm on stage on NYE
      'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is
       unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through'
       her roles
      Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she
       flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning
      'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating MS ready meals!' We
       challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER!
       SPONSORED
      Undercover lovers: Leonardo DiCaprio shades his face with a towel
       as he enjoys getaway with girlfriend Nina Agdal in Mexico Come over
       all shy?
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! CHRISTOPHER
       STEVENS is gripped
      Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on
       sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT
       Robin Thicke snap
      Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering
       new wife Ronnie Mitchell has drowned on their wedding day
      What a carry on! Hilary Duff gives son Luca a piggyback as she
       flaunts toned body in denim bikini top and hotpants Only way to
       travel!
     
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional
       cycling Hope he's insured
      Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in
       the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely
       stunning
      'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for
       pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as
       she vows to regain her 'big butt'
      Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer dons stylish black bikini for
       beach time with fellow musician boyfriend Jack Gilinsky New Year to
       remember
      Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts
       barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered
       make-up snap
      Stassi Schroeder goes skinny dipping with gal pals before being
       caught in spotlight on Vanderpump Rules Knows how to make a splash
      Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping
       assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai
       break
      'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie
       stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby -
       as she poses with daughter Polly, five
      'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a
       nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau
       Ryan in the Maldives
      Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year
       gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead
       National Television nods
     
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids
       during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of
       Brad Pitt split
      Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts
       while hitting beach in Miami with family Life's a beach
      'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces
       15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Head over heels
      Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear
       view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend
      Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers mock Martin Freeman for
       pretending to update static picture of his blog in epic blunder in
       record New Year's Day show
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print
       bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the
       beach in Miami
      Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up
       sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on
       Miami beach
      Easy riders! Steven Tyler and his rumoured fiancée Aimee Ann
       Preston drive motorbikes in Hawaii He is 40 years older than his
       rumoured fiancée
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko
       displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on
       Miami beach
      Grin and bear it! Paris Jackson livestreams brother Prince getting
       a massive tattoo... before getting some new ink of her own What are
       you inking!
     
      Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana
       dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square
       meltdown
      EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets
       about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned
      Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen
       as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015
      'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated
       with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her
       Instagram snap
      Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome
       Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a
       place you'd want to stay
      Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she
       pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in
       particularly high spirits
      Here comes trouble! Rihanna plays coy as she wears casual jet-set
       look at JFK... as ex Drake and JLo spend NYE together in Vegas
       Moving on
      Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at
       inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting
       against racism
      'I missed you': Bindi Irwin's heart swells as she is reunited with
       boyfriend Chandler Powell after couple spend three weeks apart
      Watch out Beckham! Doutzen Kroes displays sweet soccer skills in
       tiny white shorts with family in Miami She's not only a whizz on
       the runway
      'It's back!': Will And Grace star Leslie Jordan confirms new season
       of hit sitcom will hit screens this year Was a huge hit the in
       1990s
      Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea
       Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff
      The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle:
       Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like
       she's on her way to an awards
      'It was a kick in the bs': Sir Tom Jones slams the BBC again
       for his sudden drop from The Voice... as he poses alongside new
       judges for ITV reboot
      'I was 16ish': Kim Zolciak is barely recognizable in throwback
       photo from her teenage years Determined to stay young forever
     
      Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve
       stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a
       picture-perfect couple
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing
       herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives
       getaway
      Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned
       top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along
       as she stepped out
      Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink
       bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance
       partner Daisy Lowe
      The holidays are over! Harrison Ford arrives back in LA with wife
       Calista Flockhart after winter break Star Wars cast reeling from
       Carrie's death
      'Making her laugh was always a badge of honor': Mark Hamill pens
       heartfelt goodbye letter to Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher He's
       best memories
      Glad to be home? Nicole Richie and Joel Madden look downcast after
       holiday getaway as they jet into LA with their kids Family affair
      New mum Behati Prinsloo shows off her slender figure in a tank top
       and cut-off shorts while on holiday in Mexico Looked sensational
      Goodbye paradise! Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in striped maxi
       dress as she leaves Hawaii with her family Home sweet home
      There's something about broccoli! Cameron Diaz shops for organic
       veggies during grocery run in Los Angeles Green and lean
      'You come here you get a cap in your a': Real Housewives star
       Kenya Moore points gun at home intruders She's not taking any
       chances
      Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable
       curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the
       Maldives Lucky woman
      Desert rose: Amy Adams stuns in floral gown at Palm Springs
       International Film Festival Kickstarting red carpet season
      Nicole Kidman is girly glam as she sports dress covered in playful
       illustrations at Palm Springs International Film Festival Stunnning
      Lady in blue-gray! Kirsten Dunst shows off cleavage in full-length
       gown with front slit at Palms Springs International Film Festival
      'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte
       Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy
       and split from Gaz Beadle
      Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big
       Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame
       Bianca Gascoigne
      The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA
       with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret
       ceremony in Australia
      Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out
       with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand
       Proposed last week
      All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage
       inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls'
       break
      Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie
       Edmondson announces her engagement  She is marry Sam Francis, also
       29
      Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the
       imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in
       Manchester
      Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their
       hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return
       for all star series
      Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini
       as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian
       bombshell
      Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her
       brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram
       photo
      Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up
       to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after
       secretly tying the knot
      Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal
       in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote
      'Facing my fears for the new year:' Leighton Meester beats her
       phobia of popping champagne in Instagram video Cheers to that!
      Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as
       she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic
       black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter
       Alaia-Mai
      'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious':
       Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to
       give up alcohol
      Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with
       boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter
       while in a black jumpsuit
      MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack
       on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes
       firmly behind them
      'The worst thing was not knowing if he'd come home': Emma Willis
       recalls chilling fears over husband Matt's addictions... as she
       reveals plans to renew wedding vows
      'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her
       hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the
       Seychelles
      Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son
       suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now
       battling depression
      New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes
       manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans
      Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother
       Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old
       actress posted a picture
      Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty
       print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican
       holiday Positively heaven sent
      Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate
       ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the
       duo's exit
      Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys
       romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts
       Festive family trip
      Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends
       the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien
       Richardson
      Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family
       selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and
       Harley
      Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini
       as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big
       Brother debut
      Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with
       husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no
       problems showing it off
      Reynolds Reynolds 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony
       Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE
       REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood
      Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a
       red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai
      Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in
       mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Looked like a
       perfect 10
      Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit
       as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out
       in Manchester
      She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her
       trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named
       brand ambassador
      Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear
       selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles
       behind her
      Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their
       parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw
       his grandad's grave
      Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller
       tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM
       Grand casino
      Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses
       make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts
       this week
      Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on
       her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken
       show The Jump
      Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in
       2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child
      Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely
       tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in
       Studio City
      'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned
       down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he
       wasn't British
      Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach
       day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados
       Firm friendship
      Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby
       Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver
      Mariah Carey New Years Mariah Carey New Years Dick Clark
       Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as
       'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed
       on faulty earpiece
      'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel'
       bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in
       newly resurfaced essay
      Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she
       tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's
       up
      New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key
       Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of
       Manhattan
      Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad
       as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter
       wonderland
      Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father
       Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million
       dollar court case
      Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey
       show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the
       Maldives
      'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda
       Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen
       husband Martin Freeman
      Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in
       Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from
       the octagon
      Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon
       dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton
      Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual
       stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first
       Christmas alone
      Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami...
       weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage
       lasted a year
      'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini
       as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths
      Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a
       mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with
       shirtless beau James
      Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New
       Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to
       'in-laws'
      In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with
       sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a
       turquoise swimsuit
      'Guess you fd my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping
       with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares
       for due date
      That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze
       Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up
       display in Manchester
      Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling
       bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk
       on the wild side
      Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks
       around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous
       mother's hand
      CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid
       The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one
       star
      'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman
       standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The
       44-year-old actor is picky about his projects
      Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic
       beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados
      She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the
       guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents
      Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy
       purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie
      Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour
       trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him
       hospitalised
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had
       tried to kill himself many times
      Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra
       Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas
      Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New
       Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over
       her derrière
      Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts
       her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new
       fiancé Paul Khoury
      Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a
       plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini
       babe
      'Get your happy aes home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle
       Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara
       Falls
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star
       'upset'
      'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a
       bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian
       beach
      Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity
       photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she
       met Prince Harry
      'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her
       phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from
       Hawaii
      'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her
       bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about
       ditching leaking lifts
      Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is
       pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's
       Eve party
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling
       cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives
       getaway
      Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show
       after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new
       show
      Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling
       skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in
       Gambia
      Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on
       EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised
       acting
      Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless
       beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the
       life
      'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances
       around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December
      Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up
       the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig
       at London's G-A-Y
      'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party
       horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods
      'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi
       Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat
      Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the
       formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017
      'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her
       famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model
       body
      Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's
       second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end
       top three
      Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from
       boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills!
      'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for
       New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot
      'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as
       they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch
      They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie
       Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting
       in 2015
      'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying
       nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by
       drug use
      If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins
       the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at
       Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion
      Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the
       Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary
       truck
      'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with
       husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau
      Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive
       physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked
       good, always
      '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing
       bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017
      Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as
       awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan
      Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she
       poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy
       shoot
      'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss
       on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12,
       2016
      'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast
       exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused
       of being shy
      Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed
       bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip
       She looked incredible
      Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as
       girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New
       Year's Day
      Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey
       Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's
       Eve in Hollywood
      Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau
       Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her
       support
      Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night
       in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood
      'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt
       says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she
       admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked
      Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days
       before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis
      Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely
       Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six
       months of sobriety
      Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son
       Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has
       taken his first steps
      Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her
       famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious
       London spa
      Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter
       after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star
       has threatened legal action
      'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda
       Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with
       now ex Martin Freeman
      James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique
       in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive
       family jaunt
      Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam
       account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him!
      Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen
       starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in
       2008
      A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with
       son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet
       display
      'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes
       thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she
       turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami
      'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit
       selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new
       year Looked smoking hot
      MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED
       in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip
       Ex On The Beach star
      Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in
       barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break
       Still absolutely stunning
       'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy
       reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years
       sober
      'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she
       'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as
       probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on
      Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm
       rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival
       in UK
      'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his
       family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars
       ring in 2017
      'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover
       selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic
       passing Looked worse for wear
      'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan':
       Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry
       after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother
      Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing
       their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after
       snubbing recent band reunion
      Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath
       slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to
       ring in 2017
      'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and
       STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a
       holiday too. Can't I just have one?'
      Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful
       break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some
       painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior
      Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying
       hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably
       disgusted
      She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj
       for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts
       to last night drinking for a year
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in
       powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel
       Baldwin in Barbados
      Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in
       intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade
       ball Fancy dress
      This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy
       striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy
       sunbathing session
      Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve
       run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation
      Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's
       bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub
      Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his
       shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show
       in Buenos Aires
      Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample
       cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the
       Maldives
      Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy
       high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting
       the beach
      'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in
       revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the
       benefit of Scottie?
      Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton
       Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body
       in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad
       selfie from a beach
      Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks
       radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to
       the sky in Barbados
      Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying
       sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless
       selfie in The Seychelles
      Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she
       sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent
      Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends
       broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe
       Ferry Daring look
      Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms'
       pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram
       selfie
      'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend':
       Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party
       flirtations almost caused relationship split
      'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time...
       as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put
       paid to speculation
      The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes,
       Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on
       holiday in Brazil
      Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy
       halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two
       stone weight loss
      Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini
       display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view
      'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with
       son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together
       with family ski trip after strained 2016
      Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink
       printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure
      'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment
       she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at
       New Year's Eve bash
      Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside
       performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in
       styke
      '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as
       they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes
      Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad
       The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage.
      Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy
       bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven
       months pregnant
      Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before
       flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the
       sun-soaked Maldives
      Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping
       for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on
       topping up her tan
      Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with
       surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a
       hangover
      A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed
       in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik
       for annual banquet
      She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky'
       to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly
       after five years
      Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless
       bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in
       The Seychelles
      SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa
       Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband
       possibly inside
      'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts
       silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out
      'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses
       with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab
      Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys
       family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski
       slopes with Heidi Klum
      Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins
       bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths
       break
      Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of
       The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in
       the 2005 movie
      'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen
       in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea
       Handler
      Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she
       rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell
       celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott
      Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St
       Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess
      The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she
       gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her
       debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149
      Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they
       celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement
       ring back on
      Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace
       mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve
      'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive
       New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué
      Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED
       while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she
       flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali
      I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram
       picture on New Year's Day  First child
      Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings
       in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after
       sparking engagement rumours
      Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK
       wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October'
      Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan
       Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up
      Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival
       Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine
      That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New
       Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's
       Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish
      Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she
       heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate
      Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned
       midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs
      'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in
       the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried
       about germs?
      The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful
       misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth
      Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making
       anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz
       before the show's debut
      Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead
       of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations
      She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating
       New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable
      'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social
       media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown
       on Times Square stage
      Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant'
       girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle
       down, ladies!
      Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't
       wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more
       'real' on screen
      '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy
       Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts
       Photogenic couple
      Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a
       New Year's Eve kiss How can that be?
      'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and
       panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star
       posed in her bathroom mirror
      Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit
       as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer
       Lopez at the last minute
      'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka
       Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and
       Hanukkah with her husband and children
      'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black
       eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with
       a shiner
      'I've got so much sht on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at
       Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a
       controversial message
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is
       drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to
       instil a work ethic
      A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A
       look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they
       prepare for 2017
      'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single
       woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year
       as a single woman
      SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan
       as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time
       since he left her to fight alone in court
      'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian
       rainforests with her loved ones
      Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as
       she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard
       Sutton
      'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017
       with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus
      Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in
       2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed
       party
      Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender
       frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her
       hand at paddle boarding in Barbados
      'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at
       Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some
       asking if she's had a bit too much to drink
      Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting
       ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while
       vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday
      'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood
       gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney
       Harbour
      'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better
       vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on
       her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo'
      Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake
       Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch
      We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith
       Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen
       greats
      Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus
       at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy
       ensembles
      'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau
       Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square
      It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga
       tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far
      New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she
       cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun
      What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian
       and daughter after dramatic split
      'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an
       eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after
       heartbreaking miscarriage
      'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve
       Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was
       rocky
      William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy
       on the hit 70s TV show MASH, dies of cancer at age 84
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies
       as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store
       has launched a sale.
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince
       Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find
       the Prince
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with
       divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her
       romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel
      SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at
       wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the
       show with troubled sister Roxy
      New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived!
       Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's
       victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba
      'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from
       California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm
       business
      'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as
       they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife
       Elsa Pataky
      Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in
       white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016'
      The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa
       Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out
       Of Here!'
      Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational
       beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St
       Barts with her boyfriend
      Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake
       of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek
       Mill
      Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped
       swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham
       Clempson
      Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black
       bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA

   Boohoo
   MailOnline iPad app


MORE DON'T MISS

      The bare cheek of her! Millie Mackintosh shares completely NAKED
       Instagram during sun-soaked break to South Africa after she denies
       boob job
      Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa reflects on her 'crazy year' of
       'highs and lows' on Instagram after split with husband Tarek
      'Are bones in fashion?': Scarlett Moffatt receives cruel jibes from
       online trolls unimpressed by her drastic body transformation
      Delicious irony: Emilia Fox on her new TV role as a caddish chef's
       lover (where DID she find the inspiration, Marco?)
      Russell Crowe's estranged wife Danielle Spencer, 47, looks youthful
       and fit as she steps out in gym clothes before New Year's Eve party
       in Sydney
      A picture is worth a thousand words! Shane Warne has a family photo
       of himself and ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley together with all of
       their children on his BATHROOM wall
      Keeping Up With Jonathan Cheban! Kim Kardashian's pal hangs in
       Miami with Ansel Elgort and Rob 'The Gronk' Gronkowski Going out
       yachting
      Better the devil you know! Pop group Steps 'will release a new
       album in 2017... as they perform New Year's Eve reunion show at
       London's G-A-Y club'
      Tamara Ecclestone rocks festive onesie for elaborate Frozen-themed
       NYE with sister Petra Stunt and sweet daughter Sophia, 2, in Gstaad
      Always a supermodel! Alessandra Ambrosio sizzles in sexy black swim
       suit as she poses by a pool for a pal Was in Santa Catarina in her
       native Brazil
      'I will fing shoot and ask questions later!': RHOA star Kenya
       Moore pulls a gun on three trespassers at her Atlanta mansion
      'I've shed my last tear of 2016': Rebecca Adlington tells this year
       to 'do one' on Twitter... after splitting from husband Harry Needs
      'He loves to cuddle mummy!': Katie Price shares cute photo of son
       Harvey asleep on her before filming him singing dance classic I
       Love You Baby
      Happy New Year from Kylie Jenner! Reality star poses with bestie
       Jordyn Woods in Hello Kitty Snapchat filter They closed out 2016 in
       a casual fashion
      Jorgie Porter looks casually chic in fluffy jacket and leather
       leggings as she heads out after another winning performance in
       panto Snow White
      He's a ladies' man! Scott Eastwood enjoys a Sydney Harbour cruise
       with a group of VERY glamorous women including The Bachelor's Lisa
       Hyde
      She's a perfect 10! Maria Menounos shows off her beautiful bikini
       body on romantic beach break in Mexico with fiancé Keven Undergaro
      'We've made something very complete': Benedict Cumberbatch hints
       new Sherlock series may be the last after revealing it will be
       'hard to follow'
      Ready for wedding! RHONY's Luann De Lesseps, 51, is lovely in white
       during rehearsal dinner night before Palm Beach nuptials to Tom
       D'Agostino
      Just the girls! Makeup-free Lea Michele rocks leggings and
       sweatshirt as she spends quality time with mom Edith Sarfati
      'Seychelles!' Ashley Graham shows off her perfect waist in a bikini
       as she enjoys the island life with husband Justin Ervin
      'You just got knocked the f out': Justin Bieber slams old foe
       Ronda Rousey after she got beaten up by Amanda Nunez in UFC fight
      Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray promises to tell late pop
       singer's three children 'the truth' about their parentage
      It's almost 2017! Hailee Steinfeld dons plunging mini dress with
       fishnet nylons ahead of performance for Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      Not so mellow yellow! Tallia Storm flaunts her incredibly toned
       stomach in sizzling skimpy bikini as she rings in the New Year in
       Barbados
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her enviably peachy derriere in a sheer
       glittering skirt as she parties in Dubai Tumultuous year saw her
       split with Dan Edgar
      The truth about Bobby and me: A new drama starring Michelle Keegan
       takes us inside the doomed marriage of Bobby and Tina Moore -
       football's first golden couple
      Ryan Phillippe credits ex wife Reese Witherspoon for their daughter
       Ava's Instagram fame but says their girl is 'incredibly talented'
      Scarlett Moffatt displays her taut stomach in skimpy red crop top
       as she shares candid behind-the-scenes selfie following her
       dramatic three stone weight loss
      Blue beauty! Chloe Goodman shows off her buxom figure in plunging
       pastel swimwear as she hits the beach on Mexican winter break
       Certainly looks at home by the sea
      Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson shows off her incredible
       figure in a hot pink bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai  Soon to
       be on Ex On The Beach
      Shirtless George Lineker displays his sculpted physique on the
       beach in Barbados  The 24-year-old son of England footballer Gary
      Out with a splash! Brooklyn Beckham shows off his dance moves on
       Instagram before celebrating New Year with Gordon Ramsay's son Jack
       Aspiring photographer
      Miranda Kerr's mother Therese shares beautiful snaps of son's
       same-sex wedding to longtime partner James Wright
      Winter wonderland! Kelly Ripa bundles up in beanie and mittens for
       hike in snowy Colorado She celebrated her 20th wedding anniversary
       in May
      'The most magical day of my life': Orange Is The New Black's Samira
       Wiley reveals her romantic proposal from Lauren Morelli
      With her amor! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts toned bikini body as
       she splashes around with boyfriend Dennis Shields in Mexico
       Lounging beach-side in Mexico on Friday
      SPOILER ALERT: Devastating new Coronation Street story line sees
       Michelle Connor lose her baby at 23 weeks... after actress Kym
       Marsh endured the same tragedy in 2009
      Filthy jokes, cosy lunches, outrageous gossip - the secrets of
       Diana's VERY flirty friendship with George Michael They held true
       superstar status
      Future trendsetter! Kaia Gerber rocks jean skirt and black bikini
       during family vacation with her mother Cindy Crawford in St. Barts
       The 15-year-old and her family were in St. Barts
      'She said yes': Love Island couple Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen
       announce their engagement... after he proposes with diamond
       encrusted ring
      'You pompous white btch!': Azealia Banks launches a foul-mouthed
       racist tirade against Sia after the pop star criticized the
       self-proclaimed witch for sacrificing chickens
      New Year, new bikini! Ashley James hits the beach in a skimpy
       two-piece while Zara Holland and Vogue Williams soak up the sun as
       they lead the stars celebrating New Year
      Is Katie Price returning to Celebrity Big Brother? New teaser clip
       shows busty housemate discussing their marriage woes She was
       crowned winner of the 2015 series
      Lowe and behold! Daisy flaunts her hourglass curves in a lacy black
       bra and hotpants in sultry selfie Looking back at 2016 favourably
      That's awkward! The Bachelor BFFs Noni Janur and Kirralee 'Kiki'
       Morris wear the SAME sequin playsuit as they celebrate New Year's
       Eve
      Daring to bare! Lauryn Goodman flashes the flesh in sheer plunging
       ensemble as she glams up for jewellery shopping trip  Cut an
       eye-catching figure in Mykonos
      Debbie Reynolds 24-hour movie marathon will air on TCM in January
       with such hits as Singin' In The Rain and The Unsinkable Molly
       Brown
      Tamara Ecclestone covers herself in gold glitter as she goes
       topless in sultry shoot to ring in the New Year  She's always the
       life and soul of the party
      'Crashed the boys' day': Chloe Madeley sports tweed outfit and a
       feather in her cap as she joins beau James for pheasant shoot
       Shared a snap of her holding a shotgun
      The X Factor's Honey G suffers major setback as her debut single
       limps into the midweek chart at 149 The track has struggled to make
       an impact
      Shia LaBeouf and partner Mia Goth shun Hollywood glamour as they
       step out in low key baggy ensembles
      Caroline Wozniacki, Emmy Rossum, and Rachel Hunter among the first
       celebrities to ring in the new year as they welcome 2017 from New
       Zealand
      Nancy Shevell, 57, showcases her toned pins in stylish navy
       two-piece as she enjoys late night dip with husband Paul McCartney,
       74, in St Barts
      Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell, 57, shows off her sensational
       bikini body as she frolics on the beach in St Barts
      The look of love! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber share a very
       public kiss as they vacation in St. Barts The couple were seen
       gazing lovingly into each other's eyes
      Charlotte Dawson sparks engagement rumours as she flashes giant
       diamond on passionate date with Matt Sarsfield...  after calling
       him 'The One' Dated for a month
      The torment of my darling Carrie: Hollywood legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS
       died just hours after her daughter. Here, is a poignant extract
       from her autobiography
      I'll have what she's having! Sports Illustrated stunner Hailey
       Clauson strips down to her lingerie as she saucily recreates When
       Harry Met Sally for LOVE's Video Advent
      Jennifer Lopez, 47, 'is having fun' with Drake, 30, as it's claimed
       their relationship isn't serious... after they share steamy kiss at
       Vegas bash
      Pantomime starring Scotty T cancelled MINUTES before it was due to
       start... after the reality star walked out amid claims he was
       underpaid
      Holding on tight! Ashley Olsen, 30, gets bear hug from beau Richard
       Sachs, 58, as they party in St. Barts The former Full House star
       was dressed in a plunging black dress
      Bringing up the rear! Sizzling Sara Sampaio shows off her pert
       posterior and svelte figure in bright bikini on Mexican holiday
       Showing off her stunning frame
      Newlywed life! Margot Robbie returns to social media since tying
       the knot with beau Tom Ackerley as she shares a holiday snap while
       enjoying a game of football with friends
      'And people say we have no talent...': Kourtney Kardashian shares
       clip of mum Kris belting out karaoke classics on their Aspen
       holiday
      Plaid you came! Model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid cut stylish
       figures in figure-hugging ensembles in Aspen  The model sisters
       were sure to display their enviable sartorial ways
      Rosamund Pike beams as her son Solo, four, chats to a fireman after
       they were 'evacuated' for 30 minutes following incident near their
       London home
      'First kiss from auntie KiKi!' Kim Kardashian cradles her BFF Joyce
       Bonelli's newborn twins She's said she would love a large family
      'You look 25 again': X Factor winner Sam Bailey, 39, appears
       'younger everyday' as she posts a string of REMARKABLY flawless
       selfies
      Turning the other cheek! Lady Victoria Hervey flaunts her
       stunningly svelte frame in a bold lime green swimsuit Stepping out
       in Bridgetown, Barbados
      'Tough job!': Kim Kardashian has body makeup applied in some VERY
       intimate places in behind the scenes snap from VMAs Make up
       artist's secrets
      Jennifer Lopez grinds on new beau Drake before the two share a
       kiss... while their duet plays in the background Kissing, grinding
       and dancing the night away
      'I get to love him forever!' Bachelor vet Selma Alameri marries
       Patrick Daniels in intimate city hall ceremony after six month
       engagement
      New year, new Sherlock: Benedict Cumberbatch on marriage, children
       - and why we'll see a very different side to the supersleuth in the
       new series
      My haven, Rick Astley: The singer and songwriter, 50, in the
       recording studio at his home in Surrey Rick Astley shows us around
       his recording studio
      Making waves! Alessandra Ambrosio drops jaws in tiny yellow bikini
       The 35-year-old was in Santa Catarina on Friday with her family
      'Not all the senators think I'm insane': General Leia deleted scene
       from The Force Awakens surfaces online days after Carrie Fisher's
       death
      Carrie Fisher autopsy conclusion gets 'deferred' because cause of
       death 'is not obvious' The 60-year-old actress suffered a cardiac
       arrest
      'I am filled with gratitude': Bachelor's Alex Nation reflects on a
       landmark 2016 as her son Elijah, six, spends New Year's Eve with
       his father Joel Porter
      'It's magical they are together': Todd Fisher reveals how it was
       Debbie Reynolds' 'destiny' to be with his sister Carrie Fisher as
       'he watched her will herself to die'
      How I got my voice back: Dumped by the BBC, Sir Tom Jones is back
       on The Voice for its first ITV series. Here, he tells how his TV
       return is helping him cope with the loss of his wife
      A dozen less lonely girls! Justin Bieber flashes his tattoos as he
       looks delighted to greet bikini-clad Beliebers in Barbados Looked
       to be in great spirits
      Serena Williams flashes gold ring on Snapchat after touching down
       in New Zealand with new fiance Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian
      New year, new me: Marnie Simpson confirms she and Lewis Bloor have
       split on Twitter after revealing she is 'starting the new year with
       a break up'
      'Go home Heather. You're drunk': The Bachelor's Heather Maltman
       attends New Year's Eve party in a nightdress as she admits she had
       too much to drink
      Heather Graham shows off her bikini body while on the beach in
       Miami with boyfriend producer Tommy Alastra
      She's got great jeans! Make-up free Kate Hudson rocks denim
       snowsuit as she looks exhausted after a day hitting the slopes in
       Aspen
      Kris Jenner and Melanie Griffith go shopping in Aspen as they
       prepare to see in the New Year in the Rockies resort Spotted
       strolling arm-in-arm
      'You made me cry because it was so beautiful!' Miley Cyrus breaks
       down in tears as she hears young cancer patient sing at children's
       hospital
      Leelee Sobieski hits the beach in St. Barts in stripy one-piece as
       she enjoys Caribbean getaway with hubby The swimsuit drew attention
       to the actress's shapely legs
      Fight night! Mickey Rourke  and Eric Roberts attend screening of
       Ronda Rousey documentary in Hollywood
      Fantastic four-some! Jessica Alba rocks relaxed island vibe in
       peekaboo kaftan as she poses for selfie with husband Cash and their
       two daughters
      Don't drop the ball! Mariah Carey is assigned special team to make
       sure she isn't late for Times Square NYE gig The diva is set to
       ring in 2017
      'I hope it helps raise awareness': Corrie's Kym Marsh relives her
       devastating miscarriage pain in a bid to educate others Actress
       lost her son Archie at 21 weeks
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Anna Gordon, who works for Prince
       Charles, it set to become the first ever aristocrat to have a gay
       wedding
      Party time! Kendall Jenner flashes nipple in sheer bra as she
       cosies up to Kylie in festive snap Photo on Friday showed the
       sisters at a bash
      Kourtney Kardashian and estranged partner Scott Disick take to the
       slopes for another day of skiing during family getaway with kids In
       Aspen on Friday
      'I've been through some s!' Keke Palmer tells fans she was
       sexually abused as she promotes new book via Facebook Live Scream
       Queen star's success is hard-earned
      Alessandra Ambrosio displays killer body in racy cut-out swimsuit
       as she documents the start of her New Year celebrations in Brazil
       on Instagram
      Need a LiLo? Lindsay Lohan flashes her cleavage in chic white
       bikini as she braves the freezing cold sea during her winter break
       in Abu Dhabi
      Off to bed! Samantha Womack slips into her pyjamas as she leaves
       theatre in Milton Keynes... as her panto co-star Stacey Solomon
       tries to make a low-key exit
      Madison Beer flaunts her incredible figure in a retro bikini as she
       stops for a picnic in Miami with Vine star boyfriend Jack Gilinksy
      First clip of Emma Watson singing in Beauty in the Beast is leaked
       by release of musical Belle doll in stores
      'Laughter is the word of the day': Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna
       get the giggles en route to scenic Florida getaway with dad John
       Legend
      Carrie Fisher's death will trigger biggest EVER personal accident
       insurance claim after Disney took out £41MILLION policy in case she
       couldn't finish Star Wars films
      'I'm literally blue': Bella Thorne shows off her stained cheeks and
       ear after dying her hair ultramarine...while on her way to the
       Bahamas Revealed lingering colour on Snapchat
      Hammer time! Gwen Stefani and her boys sing along to U Can't Touch
       This at Blake Shelton's Oklahoma ranch Epic dance party
      Shirtless Mark Wahlberg displays his enviable six-pack as he hits
       the beach in Barbados with stunning wife Rhea
      Beach babe Izabel Goulart shows off impeccably toned tum in skimpy
       pink bikini as she tops up her tan in St Barts
      'Kickin' mountain butt!' Julianne Hough goes snowboarding with her
       sister Marabeth in new Instagram picture  Having a blast in the
       mountains
      She's a model mom! Alessandra Ambrosio gets in a mess with her kids
       as they play Pieface Showdown Messy fun
      Puppy love! Glam Danielle Lloyd takes her boys and cute pet puppy
       food shopping... as she 'retweets bizarre rant against rival Maria
       Fowler'  A doting mum
      Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie
       Rogers announce plans to wed Posted a sweet photograph online
      TOWIE's Kate Wright wows in a saucy bathroom selfie as she shows
       off her ample assets in stunning swimwear while holidaying in Dubai
      Screen legend Debbie Reynolds 'to be buried in her favourite red
       dress suit' in joint funeral with her daughter Carrie Fisher after
       the pair died just a day apart
      HBO moves up premiere date for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds
       documentary Bright Lights The US channel will air the show next
       week
      'That was really hard!' Eva Longoria bemoans jet pack fail after
       crashing into water during holiday in Mexico The 41-year-old was in
       the air for just seconds
      'This one felt good' A very generous Dwayne Johnson surprises his
       dad with a shiny new car for the holidays Star posted his thanks
       for father's sacrifices
      Is THAT why they split? Mariah Carey found James Packer's Hunter
       Valley estate 'a little too outback' during brief holiday in
       Australia 'She was not impressed'
      'Happy New Year!' Mariah Carey makes gingerbread houses with the
       twins Passing on the holiday traditions to Moroccan and Monroe
      'Never too old for a bikini': Davina McCall, 49, shows off her
       impeccably toned abs in a colourful two-piece She's a fitness
       enthusiast ready to spread the word
      'Her life was the red carpet': Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband gives
       touching eulogy at her funeral... as he reveals Kirk Douglas helped
       star after stroke
      'Feelin' beachy!' Bethenny Frankel shows off her slim figure in a
       sexy two-tone bikini while on holiday in Mexico
      Cheers! Christina El Moussa shares champagne toast with new beau
       Gary Anderson's daughter in snowy Utah after split from hubbby
       Tarek
      Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, and Drew Barrymore to present at
       next week's Golden Globes Fellow presenter Laura Dern co-stars in
       HBO's Big Little Lies
      She's Dunn it again! Model Jourdan shows off unbelievably long legs
       and enviably toned figure in another bikini snap from idyllic
       Barbados break British beauty
      Belles of the ball! Daughters of the world's most elite and wealthy
       families splash out more than $100K on gowns and glitz to attend
       the 62nd International Debutante Ball
      'Kisses from my baby girl': Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of
       Harper writing 'I love mummy and daddy' on the sand during Maldives
       break
      Teen Mom 2's Chelsea DeBoer is 'kind of freaking out' about
       welcoming second child The 25-year-old and her husband of two
       months, Cole, are planning for a natural birth in February
      EXCLUSIVE: How Kenny Goss, the love of George Michael's life, has
       quietly found a new partner and dedicated himself to the foundation
       he and the singer set up for young artists
      Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban arrive back in LA with their
       daughters after spending Christmas with their family in Australia
      Busty Lauryn Goodman shows off her extremely peachy posterior in a
       gold swimsuit on Mykonos beach break Been on a new diet
      The tragic tale of Sia's first love: Death of boyfriend Daniel
       Pontifex in 1997 led to downward spiral which almost claimed her
       life... as she files for divorce
      Sia files for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang due to
       'irreconcilable differences' after two years of marriage
      'Pimp my ride': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi posts
       VERY busty selfie on New Year's Eve as she shows off her car's
       interior
      'Has it got good legs and smell good?': Ritchie Neville compares
       women to wine as Thom Evans strips off on Take Me Out celebrity
       special  They've all been unlucky-in-love
      Emma Forbes, 51, gives a saucy flash of cleavage in daring plunging
       swimsuit as she shows off slender figure on the beach in Barbados
      Some-ring to smile about? Giddy Adele sports THAT glittering
       'wedding band' on day out with son Angelo... amid speculation she's
       married Simon Konecki
      'Thanks for toning me up'! MIC's Louise Thompson sports sexy
       scarlet swimsuit as she thanks her personal trainer beau for
       transforming her body
      What a rock! Gilmore Girl's Danny Strong announces his engagement
       to indie actress Caitlin Mehner with snap of the stunning diamond
       ring
      'Real witches do real things': Azealia Banks shares bizarre video
       of herself cleaning feathers and blood from closet after three
       years sacrificing chickens
      Joe Jones steps out hand in hand with Sophie Turner and brother
       Nick in Miami after his ex got engaged  Game of Thrones star in
       Miami on Friday
      Mom's the word! Sarah Jessica Parker rocks casual chic as she
       visits Washington DC with twin daughters Shopping with Tabitha and
       Marion on Friday
      Making a splash! Real Housewives star Dorit Kemsley flashes
       cleavage and killer post-baby physique while cuddling daughter on
       beach in bikini
      This Christmas, I give you the charts: Best-loved singles and
       albums of the late George Michael dominate festive record sales...
       as debate over his new music rages on
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, shows youngest children Mercy and
       David how to take the slopes of Switzerland in style as they enjoy
       festive trip
      The EX Factor! Singer Christopher Maloney splits with fiancé Gary
       Doran after two-year engagement Maloney, 38, got down on one knee
       in 2015
      'My boy!' Sofia Vergara smoulders for the camera as she celebrates
       Joe Manganiello's birthday in Bora Bora
      TRHOOC's Meghan King Edmonds 'back to blonde' after welcoming
       daughter Aspen The 32-year-old new mother ended her '9 month ombré
       hiatus' at her 'fave St. Louis salon!'
      I'm back! Evan Rachel Wood grins happily as she braves the holiday
       crowds to jet into Los Angeles Llooking pretty dashing in yellow on
       Friday
      'It's not so funny!' Ryan Seacrest gets stuck in elevator on his
       way to film Good Morning America and snaps selfies with fellow
       passengers
      Bikini-clad Jacqueline Jossa shows off her figure as she packs on
       the PDA with fiancé Dan Osborne in Mexico... after lashing out at
       cruel body shamers
      'He knows everything about her': Danielle Lloyd is 'worried'
       ex-husband Jamie O'Hara and former gal pal Nicola McLean will spill
       her secrets on CBB
      'Same smile but much healthier!' Scarlett Moffatt reflects on three
       stone weight loss in before and after snap as she shows off slim
       figure in racy bodysuit
      No luck at bingo? 'Homeless' Danniella Westbrook grabs lunch at
       budget eatery after spending the evening gambling  Snack break
      'No, I haven't had a boob job! Millie Mackintosh shows off her
       cleavage in a bust-boosting retro bikini on romantic break to South
       Africa
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust and tiny waist in a
       skimpy black bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Works out
       every day
      Move aside, Pammy! Tallia Storm, 18, does her best Baywatch
       impression in a red swimsuit on Barbados getaway with pal Chris
       Evans, 50
      Newly-single Vogue Williams snaps a sizzling selfie in a retro
       black bikini and chic fedora as she moves on from Laurence Fox
       split Irish model
      Busy mum Coleen Rooney flaunts her toned pins in snake-print
       leggings as she grabs a quick coffee after busy family Christmas
       Hitting the gym?
      'Please tell me the baby isn't wearing earrings!': Sallie Axl faces
       backlash after sharing snap of her daughter, six months, in face
       mask and jewellery
      Peter's mini-me! Junior Andre busts out some serious moves as he
       dances alongside Princess in cute video Wonder where he gets it
       from?
      Jessie Wallace layers up in biker boots and a leather jacket as she
       heads to theatre rehearsals in Southampton  Keeping things casual
      Chloe Grace Moretz hits the slopes with her brothers in Telluride
       after recently battling a 'mega-virus' Looked in great spirits
       during the family trip
      General Hospital actress Barbara Tarbuck dies of human mad cow
       disease at 74 14-year run on the ABC soap from 1996 until 2010
      Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher WILL be buried in joint funeral,
       Todd Fisher confirms, as he's picutred visitng the cemetery to plan
       the service
      Here's to a bright fuchsia! Newly-slim Frankie Essex is the
       ultimate beach babe in Spain... as she prepares to ring in New Year
       2st lighter
      Lindsay Lohan relaxes in bikini top and shorts as she suns herself
       in Abu Dhabi... day after revealing she's 'pushing' for Mean Girls
       sequel
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hanks's new granddaughter emerges in public
       for first time after troubled son Chet credits baby for newfound
       sobriety
      Desperately Seeking Bertram! Cheeky Rose displays her ample
       cleavage and peachy derriere in a lace bustier as she stars in day
       30 of LOVE advent
      No nip-slip today M'Lady? Victoria Hervey makes waves on a jet-ski
       in Barbados as she showcases her washboard abs in a sizzling white
       bikini
      Photographer who captured the iconic picture of Carrie Fisher
       watching mum Debbie Reynolds on stage reveals the pair's adoring
       relationship
      Young love! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look cosy as
       they cuddle up in flirty Snapchat video... as they enjoy skiing
       getaway in Switzerland
      Briana Jungwirth's stepfather threatens owner of One Direction fan
       sites with lawsuit over comments made about her and ex Louis
       Tomlinson
      Ashley James puts on a very busty display in a white string bikini
       as she enjoys a sun-soaked beach day in Dubai She's a firm advocate
       of body confidence
      They should be so lucky! Pop star Kylie Minogue leaves staff in a
       small Scottish sweet shop 'spinning around' with a surprise visit
       to buy dolly mixtures
      Clifford T.I. Harris 'tries to convince Tameka Tiny Cottle to end
       divorce proceedings' It seemed like their love story was all over
      Robert Kennedy Jr. says he's PROUD of son Conor who is facing a
       year in jail after 'beating a man who used homophobic slur and then
       resisting arrest
      Kim Cattrall hits back at the 'distant relatives' accusing her of
       replacing their mother's gravestone with one bizarrely bearing her
       OWN NAME by claiming they're not even family
      Mexi-glow! Make-up free Eva Longoria shows off her trim figure in
       khaki bikini on beach holiday Snapchat She is used to glamming up

      Today's headlines
      Most Read

      We are proof Dry January really IS worth doing: 5 drinkers who gave
       up alcohol for a month reveal their...
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note...
      How to beat the cough that is plaguing our QUEEN and COUNTRY: Avoid
       cold and dry air, but keep moving around
      Harrods restaurant staff 'lose £5,000 a year because the store
       won't pass on tips': Workers plan protest...
      Britons spend six times more on rail fares than Europeans do:
       Commuters spending a seventh of their income...
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images...
      Orkney 'seeks independence from Scotland': Islanders consider their
       options following Brexit vote
      Man is shot dead by police on sliproad to the M62 in 'pre-planned
       operation'
      Incredible moment a two-year-old boy saves his twin from being
       crushed beneath a fallen dresser
      British soldier dies in Iraq but their death is 'not as the result
       of enemy activity'
      British man who joined Kurdish forces to fight against ISIS is
       killed in northern Syria during battle to...
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish...
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of...
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS...
      German police arrest Syrian refugee 'who asked ISIS for £150,000 to
       turn cars into suicide bombs he could...
      ISIS release shocking video of double suicide blast which killed 27
       in Baghdad marketplace
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an...
      Will you make a fortune in 2017? There's turbulence ahead but
       thanks to a rare planetary alignment we can...
      Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after
       appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of...
      Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed
       for 10-year-olds leaves the internet...
      'That could gag a maggot!': Lump of yellow goop growing on a man's
       back for 30 YEARS is finally squeezed -...
      Mayhem at airports as immigration system inexplicably crashes -
       causing huge lines and hours of disruption...
      Care home has blood on its hands over my mother's death: Daughter
       accuses staff after her mum died eight...
      Can sugar really give you CANCER? Diet author reveals how the
       smallest amount can trigger health problems...
      Leaving EU customs union could create 400,000 jobs in UK:
       Pro-Brexit Change Britain group argue staying in...
      ROBERT HARDMAN: Why the EU's hypocrite-in-chief is a prime example
       of the hubris that could tear it apart
      Woman is wrongly branded a prostitute when feuding neighbour
       plasters pictures of her naked on a horse...
      Corbyn has lost 44  of Labour voters from 2015: Party could lose
       90 seats at an election after four million...
      Farage aide facing 20 years and £200,000 fine after admitting
       posing as a money launderer in online drug...
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a...
      Man arrested for trying to smuggle a migrant in the DASHBOARD of a
       car across Moroccan border with Spain
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after...
      Golf expert, 61, who dined with royalty to secure sponsorship deals
       for the PGA European Tour worth more...
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply...
      Vinyl lovers made 2016 a record year... for records! Sales hit a
       25-year high after more than 3.2million LPs...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is...
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and
       Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream...
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step...
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's...
      Supermarket price war kicks off as Morrisons cuts the cost of 800
       items to entice shoppers on tighter...
      Fertility clinics 'are selling false hope' to the over-40s: Number
       freezing their eggs double in a year but...
      Putting this rabble in charge of the Press would be like putting
       the Kray Twins in charge of the Police...
      Britain's deserted shopping malls: Visits to stores plunge by HALF
       on New Year's Day - as online sales...
      Taxman could start sharing your records with town halls so
       officials can chase you for council arrears and...
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic...
      EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: A ‘Jezza-Jemima’ romantic alliance would mark
       an uplifting start to 2017
      'We knew she had a purpose': Mother details her heartbreaking
       decision to carry her terminally-ill baby to...
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed...

      MORE HEADLINES

      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH VINE on
       how British society is in the grip of an out of control
       binge-drinking culture
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into drunken
       carnage just hours before it marked its new status as Britain’s
       ‘art city’
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna: Seven
       months after London's first 'luxury commune' opened its doors every
       room is full and the oldest resident is just 44
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star
       had tried to kill himself many times
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the
       streets of Britain as revellers see in 2017 with a night of
       fighting, vomiting and a LOT of flesh on show
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of 'ISIS killer' and quiz
       eight people over New Year's Eve attack
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes online hit
       after mother secretly films her performing alone in a cathedral
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne
       gentlemen's club 'where she was partying with several mystery men'
       - and her body is not discovered until the next day when they had
       fled
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the holidays with
       his wife and kids at their mansion
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note blaming the NHS for failing
       to deal with their mental health problems'
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is cancelled AFTER
       they get on the plane
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven minutes
       and EIGHTEEN manoeuvres to reverse her tiny car into a huge space
      PC is sacked for ‘lying to defend’ her police officer partner after
       he was spotted pushing a pram while he was off-sick with a shoulder
       injury - but he gets to KEEP his job
      Drug dealer who paid for his wife's BOOB JOB and a £15,000 Mercedes
       with dirty money is ordered to repay £109,000
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash is doled out in
       envelopes and on ATM cards loaded with money
      Grandson is left red-faced when his gran, 70, opens the photo album
       he got her for Christmas to find old pictures of ANT MCPARTLIN
       inside
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she
       blamed on faulty earpiece
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss
      Jack Russell dog needs emergency treatment after his mouth is glued
       shut when he bites into shiny brochure in the letterbox
      Desperate hunt for missing mother, 23, who was last seen three days
       ago wearing a peach onesie and Mickey Mouse pumps
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS gunman who brought terror to
       Istanbul nightclub
      Fitness instructor given an anonymous £9,000 by George Michael for
       IVF treatment lays flowers outside the dead pop star's home
      Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's
       girlfriend poses for series of racy publicity photos after landing
       a daytime TV show role 13 years before their royal romance began
      Pit bull kills a small dog in front of its horrified owner while
       she helplessly cries for it to stop in Los Angeles
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed as a WW2 Spitfire
       fighter pilot
      Theresa May WILL stop EU migrants from claiming benefits under new
       post-Brexit plan
      EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into
       a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her
       Times Square meltdown
      Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her
       21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts
      The sickening moment a daredevil's leap from a third floor balcony
       into a hotel pool goes disastrously wrong when he MISSES and
       smashes feet first on concrete
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the terror group’s gunman kills 39
       New Year’s Eve revellers in an Istanbul nightclub
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a devastating New Year’s Day
       blaze
      The first 'ghosts' caught on camera: How these 'spirit photographs'
       had the world captivated in the 1920s... but all wasn't as it seems
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's Day
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step up hunt for
       witnesses
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply wrote an 'x' on the
       delivery form
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her
       best work)
      ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain, warns
       minister as he calls on citizens to help identify 'the enemy
       within'
      How Quality Street brought treats to the poor, how the Wall Street
       Crash created Nescafe and the birth of Coca-Cola: Secrets of our
       top brands revealed
      'I will miss my Abadaba and my Momby': Billie Lourd breaks her
       silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother
       Debbie Reynolds
      Time to check down the back of the sofa! Rare 1926 George V
       sovereign could be worth up to £37,000
      Pit bull mauls family who tried to put him in a Christmas sweater
       and is only captured after being stabbed, Tasered, then shot with a
       tranquilizer dart AND a shotgun
      'I made a promise to help - I couldn't have done nothing':
       Incredible £140,000 transformation of Bosnian boy with a facial
       deformity thanks to the big-hearted British soldier who spotted him
       while on patrol
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish secularists by posing in
       Taksim Square protest site as different CCTV clips shows the wanted
       man roaming Istanbul before the massacre
      There’s someone behind you! Spooked couple buy CCTV – and see a
       GHOST following them down their driveway
      Welcome to 2017! New Year begins with ice, snow, rain and sleet and
       temperatures as low as minus 7C as Severe Weather Warning is
       issued
      Saved by his cellphone: Delaware businessman, 35, cheats death in
       Istanbul nightclub terror attack and his headed home after his
       phone takes impact of bullet shot by 'ISIS' gunman who killed 39
      Pensioner's body is found in a ferry's ventilation shaft two months
       after she disappeared when her husband went to sleep on a
       sunlounger
      'Wet elephant' taxpayer-funded £18MILLION tidal energy scheme
       supposed to power 600 homes stops working after just three months
      Massive python unhooks its jaw to gobble down a wallaby WHOLE... to
       the amazement of a nearby horse
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      MOST READ IN DETAIL

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
<file=47>
   publisher Express.co.uk Weird RSS Feed

   [p?c1=2c2=12961652cv=2.0cj=1] Daily Express Search

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. expresslogo

    (Submit)
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed

   Daily
   Horoscope Our
   Apps Top
   10 Our
   Paper Paper
   Archive
   Weather 0°

   London
      HOME
      News
      Showbiz  TV
      Sport
      Comment
      Finance
      Travel
      Entertainment
      Life  Style

      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

      Home
      News
      Weird
      Meteor or alien ship? Mystery surrounds bright green 'orb' spotted
       in the sky

Meteor or alien ship? Mystery surrounds bright green 'orb' spotted in the sky

MYSTERY surrounds a bright green “orb” which was filmed flying over Japan.

   By Ajay Nair
   PUBLISHED: 09:47, Wed, Nov 2, 2016
   | UPDATED: 09:51, Wed, Nov 2, 2016

   IFRAME:
   //players.brightcove.net/2540076170001/NykPWQNaldefault/index.html?vid
   eoId=5193461457001

   The fireball left a trail of sparks as it travelled in the city of
   Niigata in the north of the country in the early hours of Monday
   morning.

   The flying orb appeared in the sky for about 15 seconds before it
   disappeared.

   Some experts believe the bright ball of light, which was filmed by
   Nippon TV’s weather camera, is actually a meteor.

   One astronomer told NBC the fireball could have been caused by space
   debris, such as satellite fragments burning up as they reentered the
   atmosphere.

Related articles

      WATCH: Shock video shows UFO 'cloaking itself' by hiding in a cloud
      Claims of alien base in HAWAII as ‘classic flying saucer’
       photograp...

   Green light over Japan
   NIPPON TVThe bright green light captured flying over Japan

   IFRAME:
   //players.brightcove.net/2540076170001/4kfqgmETldefault/index.html?vid
   eoId=5192198016001

     This UFO tried hard to disguise itself as a free slowing meteor over
     Japan – however, it made some amateurish mistakes

     UFO blogger Scott C Waring

   The American Meteor Society told 24 Gio the fireball was “brighter than
   normal” and its green hue indicated high levels of nickel.

   “It has the same brightness as the planet Venus in the sky in the early
   morning or at night,” it said.

   But some UFO hunters remain sceptical, claiming the sighting was in
   fact, of an alien ship.

   Scott C Waring, who runs the UFO Sightings Daily blog, said: "This UFO
   tried hard to disguise itself as a free slowing meteor over Japan –
   however, it made some amateurish mistakes.

Notable People That Believe In UFOs

   Sat, September 24, 2016

According to these celebrities aliens and UFOs are among us.

   Play slideshow
   William Shatner: is a UFO believer, saying, 'There is no doubt that
   there is life out there; the mathematics of it lead you to that
   absolute conclusion. In my mind, there is no doubt that the universe
   teems - with life in all its form'
   Getty Images
   1 of 10

   William Shatner: is a UFO believer, saying, 'There is no doubt that
   there is life out there; the mathematics of it lead you to that
   absolute conclusion. In my mind, there is no doubt that the universe
   teems - with life in all its form'

   Green light over Japan NIPPON TV
   Some believe it was an alien ship from another planet

   "Firstly, it’s glowing a colour most meteors don't glow… green.
   Secondly meteorites do not fly horizontal while that low to the planet.

   "Thirdly – and this was the stupidest mistake the aliens made – the
   main ship turned off its glow for only one-tenth of a second.

   "At that moment a silver disk came out and moved back slowly from the
   main ship."

   He added: "See, even aliens make mistakes – this pilot – he made a
   lot."

Related articles

      PROOF OF ALIENS? Staggering pictures of UFOs seen in Vienna go
       viral
      Stunning moment DOZENS of UFOs light up sky and disappear
      Kids primed for 'announcement of alien life' with fake UFO crashes

   UFO

  Most read in Weird

      1
       Nostradamus predictions for 2017: Terrifying forewarnings of 16th
       century prophet revealed

Nostradamus predictions for 2017: Terrifying forewarnings of 16th century
prophet revealed
      2
       ‘Overwhelming evidence’ that Planet X will DESTROY Earth in 2017

‘Overwhelming evidence’ that Planet X will DESTROY Earth in 2017
      3
       Mystery of 24 alien black-boxes discovered near Egypt’s Pyramids of
       Giza

Mystery of 24 alien black-boxes discovered near Egypt’s Pyramids of Giza
      4
       REVEALED: The truth about the mysterious Bermuda Triangle where
       boats and planes vanish

REVEALED: The truth about the mysterious Bermuda Triangle where boats and
planes vanish
      5
       The INCREDIBLE picture that 'proves' Adolf Hitler lived to 95 with
       his Brazilian lover

The INCREDIBLE picture that 'proves' Adolf Hitler lived to 95 with his
Brazilian lover

  Latest videos

   Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead suspect ISIS
   terrorism

Chilling footage shows 'Istanbul ISIS gunman' taking SELFIE VIDEO before club
massacre

   French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's Eve arson attack
   increase Le-Pen

French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars
set on fire

   Celebrity Big Brother 2017 James Jordan ‘It was made for me’

Celebrity Big Brother 2017: ‘It was made for me’ James Jordan talks shock
return

   Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear missile weapon threat
   Twitter it won't happen

'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile
threat to the US

   The Archers Sara Coward dying Caroline Sterling alive Michael Cochrane
   wife

The Archers: Terminally ill Sara Coward asks for Caroline Sterling
replacement after death

   mystery alien boxes discovered egypt great pyramids giza mystery alien
   boxes discovered egypt great pyramids giza

Mystery of 24 alien black-boxes discovered near Egypt’s Pyramids of Giza

   life after death afterlife jesus gary wood life after death afterlife
   jesus gary wood

Man who was clinically dead for an hour ‘I saw Heaven, I met dead friends’

   nostradamus predictions 2017 prophecies nostradamus predictions 2017
   prophecies

Nostradamus predictions for 2017: Terrifying forewarnings of 16th century
prophet revealed

   Planet X end of the world 2017 apocalypse nibiru Planet X end of the
   world 2017 apocalypse nibiru

‘Overwhelming evidence’ that Planet X will DESTROY Earth in 2017

   John Kerry Antarctica secret Nazi UFO base John Kerry Antarctica secret
   Nazi UFO base

SHOCK CLAIM: John Kerry ‘visited Antarctica to examine secret Nazi UFO base’

   Mars alien sitting down NASA Mars alien sitting down NASA

‘I PROVED ALIENS EXIST’ NASA image shows ‘alien sitting down on surface of
Mars’

   rocket scientists find gateway heaven flat earth dome video rocket
   scientists find gateway heaven flat earth dome video

Is this the GATEWAY TO HEAVEN? Startling entrance discovered by amateur
rocket scientists

   Anonymous New World Order take over west drag leaders through streets
   Anonymous New World Order take over west drag leaders through streets

NEW WORLD ORDER: Anonymous group threat to 'drag western leaders through
streets' in 2017

   UFO contrail comet Exmouth Devon Martin Emmins UFO contrail comet
   Exmouth Devon Martin Emmins

PICTURED: 'UFO Came towards us' claim shocked pair

   Apocalypse secret death cult new years day doomsday end of world
   Apocalypse secret death cult new years day doomsday end of world

JANUARY 1 APOCALYPSE: Secret death cult predicted New Year's Day doom

   Ten UFO cases 2016 Roswell Rendlesham Warminster Max Spiers Ten UFO
   cases 2016 Roswell Rendlesham Warminster Max Spiers

Ten astonishing UFO cases that SHOOK THE WORLD in 2016

   aurochs extinct giant cow Operation Tauros Donato Matassino aurochs
   extinct giant cow Operation Tauros Donato Matassino

Scientists close to bringing extinct SEVEN FOOT GIANT COW back to life

   UFO helicopters Albuquerque New Mexico UFO helicopters Albuquerque New
   Mexico

UFO MYSTERY: Fifteen black helicopters seen ‘flying towards location of
bizarre sighting’

   Triangle UFOs MUFON Florida Illinois 2016 Triangle UFOs MUFON Florida
   Illinois 2016

TRIANGLE UFO SENSATION: Bizarre monster 'alien crafts' keep being seen in sky

   WEIRD 2016 Tupac Shakur Elvis Jim Morrison alive aliens manfred Fritz
   Bajorat mummified WEIRD 2016 Tupac Shakur Elvis Jim Morrison alive
   aliens manfred Fritz Bajorat mummified

WEIRD 2016: How 'celebs back from dead', aliens and mummified sailor rocked
internet

   UFO radar over air base Flight Lieutenant Malcolm Williams RAF Lyneham
   Wiltshire UFO radar over air base Flight Lieutenant Malcolm Williams
   RAF Lyneham Wiltshire

Inexplicable UFO captured on radar over air base - claims former RAF
Lieutenant

   mr christmas celebrates every day andy park dinner joey essex mr
   christmas celebrates every day andy park dinner joey essex

Man celebrates Christmas EVERY DAY for 23 years: 'I tried to quit but I love
it too much'

   Alien flying saucer radioactive green chemicals UFO California Alien
   flying saucer radioactive green chemicals UFO California

SHOCK CLAIM: Alien UFO 'sprayed radioactive green chemicals' over homes

   alton towers christmas dinner fast food roller coaster alton towers
   christmas dinner fast food roller coaster

Really fast food: Eat your Christmas dinner at Alton Towers

   christmas squirrels photography sweden seasonal images christmas
   squirrels photography sweden seasonal images

It’s nuts: Festive squirrels celebrate Christmas by posing next to miniature
decorations

   cow urine health benefits skin conditions fight disease cow urine
   health benefits skin conditions fight disease

Taking the Pee: Indian men DRINK and BATHE in cow urine to fight diseases and
stop spots

   Chemtrails Illuminati happy drugs viruses UFO Scott C Waring Chemtrails
   Illuminati happy drugs viruses UFO Scott C Waring

SHOCK CLAIM: Illuminati blasting us with 'happy drugs and viruses through
chemtrails'

   Spoon On Mars NASA photo aliens Spoon On Mars NASA photo aliens

Spoon Found On Mars In NASA photo 'proves intelligent life lived on the Red
Planet'

   SEARCH

    (Submit)

   CONNECT WITH US
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed
      Check our YouTube channel

   TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Tuesday, 3rd January 2017

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

   News
      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

   UK Politics
      Political Parties
      Politicians
      Constituencies
      EU Referendum

   Sport
      Football
      Transfer news
      UFC
      F1
      Boxing
      Cricket
      Golf
      Tennis
      Rugby Union
      Other
      Racing

   Pics
      Pictures
      Celebrity Galleries
      Royal Galleries
      Sport Galleries

   Vids
      Videos

   Comment
      Express Comment
      Columnists
      Beachcomber

   Finance
      City  Business
      Personal Finance
      Retirement
      The Crusader

   Travel
      Cruise
      Activity Holidays
      Beach Holidays
      Short  City breaks
      Travel News

   Entertainment
      Films
      Gaming
      Theatre
      Books
      Music
      Puzzles

   Puzzles
      Horoscope
      Offers
      Competitions
      Bingo
      Jackpot Millions

   Life  Style
      Health
      Cars
      Life
      Garden
      Food
      Style
      Diets
      Win
      Tech
      Property
      Saturday
      S Mag
      Top 10 Facts

   EXPRESS.CO.UK
      Sitemap
      Site Archive
      Contact Us
      Advertising
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Terms  Conditions
      Design by Netro42
      Syndication and Licensing
      Clarifications and Corrections

      Daily Star
      OK! Magazine
      new! Magazine
      Star Magazine
      Health Lottery

   Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express"
   is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
<file=48>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Travel
    2. Africa

       Meeting tribal kings and hungry hippos on holiday in Guinea-Bissau

   This forgotten West African nation has been through more than its fair
   share of coups but a visit reaps unexpected rewards for the intrepid
   traveller

      Nick Boulos
      Thursday 10 November 2016 11:15 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2FTheIndependentTravel2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesi
   ze=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   The Independent Travel

   guinea-bissau-carnival-procession-edit.jpg A carnival procession in
   Guinea-Bissau's capital city, Bissau Explore Worldwide

   I wasn’t sure who was most surprised to see us: the funeral party, the
   king wearing a red bobble-hat or the herd of hippos. We didn’t bump
   into them all at the same time – that would’ve been really weird – but
   they each formed a memorable encounter during my week travelling around
   Guinea-Bissau.

   This small, welcoming and, yes, safe patch of West Africa – a former
   Portuguese colony, and now a land of tribal kingdoms and sacred islands
   – delivers a daily dose of the unexpected. And not just for those
   passing through.

   Tourists are a novelty in these parts. Almost everywhere I went – every
   village, market, church and beach – resulted in quizzical glances,
   curious conversations and high-energy displays of hospitality.
   15620819168-8e2aa086f3-b.jpg
   Colourful characters at Carnaval Bissau, held in the capital each year
   (Michel Craig/Flickr/CC BY-SA 2.0)

   West Africa hasn’t had the easiest of times. Lacking the big game parks
   that draw visitors to other African nations, the region has always been
   a niche holiday destination. The shores and resorts of The Gambia have
   attracted decent numbers, while others opt to holiday on the waterways
   of neighbouring Senegal and a few trickle south to Ghana – but that’s
   about it. Even this modest tourism was hit hard with the outbreak of
   Ebola in 2014, spelling an end to overseas visitors almost overnight.

   Despite cases only occurring in a handful of West Africa’s 16 countries
   – and not a single one in Guinea-Bissau – the aftermath of the scare
   was felt far and wide.

   “There are many misconceptions about this place,” my guide, Augusto
   M’Tambe, explained. “People think it’s dangerous and full of disease
   but it’s not.”

   To discover the truth and experience a corner of the world slowly
   remerging from the darkness – though political difficulties remain in a
   country that has experienced nine coups or attempted coups since 1980 –
   I joined a group of intrepid-minded travellers on a new tour offered by
   Explore Worldwide. The plan: to travel south from the busy capital,
   Bissau, for several days sailing around the sacred Bijagos archipelago,
   a sprinkling of untouched, off-shore islands in the Atlantic – steeped
   in age-old traditions and home to some very unusual residents.
   [5354393214-b30ab5374c-o.jpg]
      Read more

Sacred trees and deserted beaches: Visiting Senegal's '70s tourist hub

   Before we set sail, however, a long day on bumpy dirt tracks beckoned.
   The ruler-straight road, lined with giant trees with twisted limbs,
   shimmered long into the hazy distance. The dusty town of Canchungo was
   in mourning when we arrived unexpectedly.

   We had only intended to make the briefest of pit stops, to buy a bottle
   of the local tipple cana – a rum-like spirit with sugar cane and cashew
   nuts – as an offering to the local king we would soon meet. “You never
   go empty handed,” advised Augusto. But the need to source gifts was
   swiftly sidelined as we stumbled upon the most private of gatherings.

   The dearly departed had been laid to rest and the sniffling funeral
   party – many wearing T-shirts featuring the face of the deceased – had
   congregated in a sandy square just off the main street. Heavy-set women
   in bright and colourful tribal dresses cried into their hands but the
   sobbing paused abruptly upon sight of this group of out-of-towners.
   139841577-1de4e9b8b4-b.jpg
   Traditional dress and an elaborate rum flask in Guinea-Bissau
   (Christine Vaufrey/Flickr/CC-BY-ND 2.0)

   We stood on the fringes, shifting awkwardly in the dust, but the
   grieving family did not take umbrage at our presence. Instead they
   beckoned us to join them. But our intrusion felt inappropriate, so we
   offered our condolences and gently retreated.

   And, so, onwards to the 88 Bijagos islands, a sprinkling of
   semi-tropical isles encompassing two national parks, a Unesco-listed
   biosphere reserve and the most important turtle nesting site in all of
   Africa. But its significance extends beyond the flora and fauna, with
   remote communities still governed by tribal chiefs.

   After cruising through the largest mangrove forest in West Africa,
   spotting pelicans, storks and river dolphins, we stretched our legs on
   land at the village of Elia. At the end of a raised embankment made of
   crushed oyster seashells, which scraped underfoot like shards of
   shrapnel, was the Royal residence.
   shutterstock-488496535.jpg
   You can spot dolphins in the country's rivers (Shutterstock)

   Less of a palace and more of a simple mud house, with low ceilings and
   iron pots placed over a crackling fire, it was home to King Gika Jata.
   A laconic man with stained teeth and long grey hairs dangling from his
   chin, he wore frayed shorts and a red bobbly hat in place of a crown.
   He came to power around 20 years ago.

   “I can’t remember exactly when,” he said, his voice as low as a whisper
   and almost drowned out by the snorting piglets running around on the
   other side of the wall. We sat on wooden blocks and discussed his life.
   “I never expected to be King,” he said. “It’s a calling. The elders
   consult a fortune teller and the spirits choose someone with a clean
   heart.”

Read more

      Making a scene in Ghana: Accra gets creative
      King of tribe in Africa returns to his job as gardener in Canada

   The next few days passed in a blur of ghost towns and age-old
   initiation ceremonies, including the menacing Vaca Bruto ritual, in
   which young men in heavy wooden masks modelled to look like bulls'
   heads battled each other on all fours.

   Bolama – all crumbling colonial mansions and grand houses now strangled
   by twisting tree trunks – served as the nation’s capital when the
   colonising Portuguese relocated it in a bid to escape malaria on the
   mainland during the mid-19th century. It remained the seat of power
   until 1941. Today, it’s a largely forgotten place with a modest
   population, most of whom seemed to be sitting in the shade in the main
   square near a statue deposited by Mussolini when an Italian seaplane
   crashed nearby in 1931.
   rubane-island.jpg
   Rubane Island offers luxury accommodation in a deserted paradise
   (Ascani Maurice)

   One of the archipelago’s southernmost islands is uninhabited Poilao,
   which forms part of the João Vieira and Poilão Marine National Park.
   Deemed a deeply spiritual place, the interior of the island – wild and
   untamed and a place for male initiations – is strictly off-limits to
   all but select elders and tribal leaders.

   Luckily, though, the miles of sandy shoreline that border it are well
   used to receiving guests. Most nights between August and February, the
   beaches play host to green sea turtles who haul themselves across the
   sand to dig large nests and lay dozens of eggs. Reports suggest there
   are upwards of 2,500 reproducing females, some travelling from as far
   as Mauritiana, who come here to give birth on the same beach on which
   they were born.

   We camped near the sand and stayed up into the early hours, until the
   unmistakable silhouette of a giant turtle emerged from the darkened
   ocean and sloped across the moonlit shore. We only returned to our
   sleeping bags after having helped rangers release thousands of newly
   hatched turtles, scurrying across the beach like marbles fleeing from a
   jar.
   10571099765-c7479785ed-k.jpg
   Women working the rice fields (Flickr/CC BY-ND 2.0)

   It didn’t come as any major shock that most of the accommodation in
   Guinea-Bissau leaned towards the basic. But our accommodation on the
   island of Rubane drew gasps. We docked at Ponta Anchaca Ecolodge after
   a long day at sea (the skipper got lost and without a GPS had to rely
   on passing fishermen for directions), and immediately settled down for
   a much-needed GT at a bar built upon raised stilts by the infinity
   pool. The tide was out and the amber glow of sunset settled on a nearby
   row of small wooden fishing boats with patchy paintwork and names like
   In God We Hope.
   gettyimages-612309782.jpg
   Watch sea turtles hatch on uninhabited Poilao island (Getty)

   Hidden almost out of sight amid the dense foliage that backed against
   the long beach was a row of plush seafront lodges. Think thatched
   roofs, four-posted beds, rainforest showers and lots of African art;
   levels of luxury I’d dared not dream about.

   But Guinea-Bissau had one final surprise up its sleeve. The rice
   farmers of Ilha de Orango are locked in a bitter battle with their
   fearsome neighbours. “They cause a lot of problems, ransacking the
   fields.  People have had to install electric fences,” said Augusto as
   we trekked through neck-high grass and across boggy marshes en route to
   see the ravenous rice-munching creatures in question: the hungry hippos
   of Bijagos.
   salt-water-hippos.jpg
   The rice farmers of Ilha de Orango are locked in a battle with local
   hungry hippos (Explore Worldwide)

   We eventually found a herd of the rare saltwater hippos – they inhabit
   the island’s swampy lagoons and are often seen strutting their stuff on
   the beach – after an hour’s sweaty hike. We huddled quietly, a little
   too close to the creatures for comfort, and watched as they wallowed in
   the mud, all louds grunts and giant yawns. They, too, eyed us with
   intrigue and suspicion before emerging from the water, prompting us to
   make a hasty exit. Surprises come in all shapes and sizes in
   Guinea-Bissau.

Travel essentials

   Getting there

   Explore Worldwide (01252 883681; explore.co.uk) offers ten days in
   Guinea Bissau from £2,975 per person. Price includes accommodation,
   excursions, most meals and flights from Heathrow via Casablanca and
   Banjul with Royal Air Maroc (020 7307 5800; royalairmaroc.com).

   More information

   gbissau.org
      More about:
      Africa
      Safari
      Guinea-Bissau

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=49>
     
     

    1. News
           Brexit latest
           The Big Questions
           UK
           US
           World
           People
           Politics
           Business
           Science
           Media
           Obituaries
    2. Voices
           Grace Dent
           Mary Dejevsky
           Robert Fisk
           John Rentoul
           Mark Steel
           Voices in Danger
           Giants Club
    3. Culture
           TV  radio
           Film
           Music
           Books
           Art
           Theatre  dance
    4. Lifestyle
           Travel
           Fashion  beauty
           Food
           Money
           Health
           IndyBest
           Love  sex
    5. Tech
           Pokemon GO
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
    6. Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Golf
           Motor racing
           US sport
    7. Daily Edition
           Subscribe for a free trial
           Read now
    8. Christmas Appeal

    1. 
       Search
    2.
           UK Edition
           US Edition
    3.
           Sign in
           Register
           Subscriptions
    4.

   
   Search
      News
           UK
           US
           World
           Politics
           People
           Science
           Business
           Media
           Obituaries
      Voices
           Christmas Appeal
           Robert Fisk
           Mark Steel
           Grace Dent
           Janet Street-Porter
           Holly Baxter
           John Rentoul
           Campaigns
           Comment
           Editorials
           Letters
           Giants Club
      Sport
           Transfer news
           Football
           Rugby union
           Cricket
           Tennis
           Motor racing
           US sports
      Culture
           Books
           Film
           TV
           Music
           Art
           Theatre  dance
           Comedy
           Tickets
      Lifestyle
           Travel
           Motoring
           Food  drink
           Health  families
           Fashion  beauty
           Student
           Find Courses
           Love  sex
           Business directory
           Secret Escapes
      Tech
           iPhone
           Tech news
           Tech culture
           Gaming
      Video
           News videos
           Explainer videos
           Sport videos
           People  culture videos
      IndyBest
           Christmas
           Sports  Fitness
           Home  Garden
           Kids
           Books
           Travel  Outdoors
           Fashion  Beauty
           Food  Drink
           Tech
      Money
           Mortgages
           Loans
           Savings
           Pensions
           Money transfers
           Health insurance
           Money Deals
      Extras
           Corrections
           indy100
           Puzzles
           Crosswords
           Apps
           The Independent Books
           Jobs
           Dating
           Competitions  offers

      Follow us:
     
     

   We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you
   advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie
   Policies to find out more.

    1. Lifestyle

      The financial reason some gang members cover their bodies in tattoos

      Christoper Woody, Business Insider
      Monday 31 October 2016 17:17 BST
     

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com2Findylifestyleonline2Fwidth=450layout=buttonaction=likesiz
   e=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=35appId=235586169789578

   Click to follow
   Indy Lifestyle Online

   32-Mara-Salvatrucha-AFP-Getty.jpg A member of Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13)
   in El Salvador; members of the group are now operating in Milan
   AFP/Getty

   Gangs like the Mara Salvatrucha have spread their influence all over
   the Western Hemisphere, and one of the clearest signs that you're
   dealing with their members is the garish tattoos that often adorn their
   bodies.

   The designs of those tattoos can often vary, specified by individuals
   and their gangs, but there's an underlying reason that people get them,
   and it makes perfect business sense.

   "There's a weird economic reason for these tattoos: It makes these
   employees much easier for the cartel or the gang to keep hold of," Tom
   Wainwright, author of "Narconomics" and former Economist reporter in
   Mexico City, told Business Insider.

   "If you picture one of these gangs in El Salvador, where many of the
   members have tattoos, literally from head to toe, it's much much harder
   for those employees to go and find a job somewhere else," Wainwright
   added.

   The Mara Salvatrucha, also known as MS-13, is most closely associated
   with the head-to-toe tattoos.

   Prisons in El Salvador and Honduras, where MS-13 is based, are full of
   current and former gang members coated with ink identifying their
   loyalties, whether to MS-13 or another Central American gang like
   Barrio 18, which is regarded as one of MS-13's main rivals.

   While the inkings are often inscrutable to outsiders, members of the
   gang world are familiar with their meanings. This helps them identify
   compatriots and prevents members from straying.

   "These guys can't find work anywhere else," because the markings make
   it difficult for them to switch allegiances, Wainwright told Business
   Insider.

   "They can't find work with a rival cartel, and so they have to stay
   working for the gang that they started off with. This makes them much
   cheaper and it means that the gang can treat them how they like."

   As these gangs have spread to places were anti-gang law-enforcement
   efforts are more robust — like the suburbs of Washington, D.C. — the
   tattoos have become a less central part of gang life.

   Tattoo-removal programs have also cropped up, as government and
   civil-society efforts to pull people away from gangs have ramped up.

   But for MS-13 and other gangs, where proof of loyalty is vital, tattoos
   aren't going anywhere.

   "It's something that's strongly encouraged," Wainwright said. "And I
   think if you want to join a gang like the Mara Salvatrucha in El
   Salvador, you can't join unless you get the tattoos."

   Read more:
   business-insider.jpg

   • This chart is easy to interpret: It says we're screwed
   • How Uber became the world's most valuable startup
   • These 4 things could trigger the next crisis in Europe

   Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow
   Business Insider UK on Twitter.
      More about:
      Tattoos
      Finance

   [reuse.png] Reuse content

Comments

[i100.png]

Most Popular

Video

Sponsored Features

      Follow us:
     
     

      User Policies
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Code of Conduct
      Complaint Form
      Contact Us
      Contributors
      All Topics
      Archive
      Newsletters
      Jobs
      Subscriptions
      Advertising Guide
      Syndication
      Evening Standard
      Novaya Gazeta
      Install our Apps

   (Submit) Close

   We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

   Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It
   helps to build our international editorial team, from war
   correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

   Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and
   help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

   Thank you for your support.

   How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk

Adblock / Adblock Plus

      Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your
       address bar.
      On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
      On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking
       for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click
       "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

      If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may
       cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by
       clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

      Click the Ghostery icon.
      In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
      In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your
       Trusted Site list.
      In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is
       whitelisted".
      Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

      Click the uBlock icon.
      Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site,
       and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
      Then reload the page.

   (Submit) Close

   Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk
   (Submit) Continue to our site

   [p?c1=2c2=10476312cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=50>
   next

   Logout
      discoverdiscover
      newsnews
      peoplepeople
      videosvideos
      sportsport
      techtech
      offbeatoffbeat
      entsents
     

      User Policies
      Terms
      Privacy
      Cookies
      Advertise
      Feedback
      About indy100
     

 Wedding photographers reveal the moment they realised the marriage was doomed

   Posted Friday 21 October 2016 15:30 by Harriet Marsden in offbeat

           Upvote Upvoted
          
          
          
               o
               o
               o
               o
          

            IFRAME:
            https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https3A2F2Fw
            ww.facebook.com2FmeetIndy1002Fwidth=63layout=buttonaction
            =likesize=largeshowfaces=falseshare=falseheight=65appId=
            193840110715213

                 

   istock-68340659-xxxlarge-1.jpg

   Picture: istock / mofles istock / mofles

   A woman on Reddit put out a call for wedding photographers to share
   their thoughts about the couples they photograph - and the moment they
   realised they might not last the distance.

   indy100 has compiled their stories and compiled them into a handy
   guide: What You Want To Avoid At Your Wedding (In Order to Avoid
   Divorce), According to the Photographers™.

Death staring your spouse

   Calliope720 posted this picture of her mum's wedding:

     My mom's thousand-yard stare at my parents' wedding. I don't want to
     know what my dad just said to her.


   SwissJAmes: "Sudden Clarity Bride"

Focusing on the wedding, rather than the marriage

   SuccessiveApprox: "My photography business partner and I talk about
   this a lot. We spend 8, 10, 12 or more hours in a day looking at the
   bride and groom through a frame that isolates them alone and together,
   largely stripping away the broader context and focusing on their
   interactions. We are looking specifically for moments of contact, of
   intimacy, of emotional connection. It pretty quickly becomes evident
   when those things are there, and when they are not.

   "We also spend a lot of time listening to the language they use in
   pre-meetings, engagement shoots, on the wedding day, etc. It becomes
   pretty clear in a short time what the focus is. Many couples,
   particularly young couples, pretty clearly have in mind a wedding but
   have put little thought and planning into a marriage. The difference we
   see between a young couple and an older/second marriage couple is
   pretty significant."

     There are many other little things (like once when there was more
     sexual tension between the groom and the best man than between the
     groom and the bride) that factor in, but those are the main things
     that jump out.

   That's not good, obviously.

Being undecided about children

   BigIdeaPhotoVideo: "We do wedding videography, and last year we shot
   the wedding for a couple that were together for a few years prior to
   it, and had a kid together. They honestly seemed like they would truly
   last. Just 2 weeks ago, my partner, who is friends with the groom on
   Facebook, told me they are getting a divorce. Truly saw no signs. Only
   thing i can think of is he didnt give her another baby which she
   claimed she wanted in the video."

     Told my partner though we need to offer up divorce videos in the
     package for half price.

   Legitimate business idea.

Showing zero affection

   CoLmes: "My very first wedding was a couple who was getting married by
   the art museum in Philly. I had my friend whose been a wedding
   photographer for ten years with me to show me the ropes after doing a
   lot of second shooting with him. So he poses a kissing shot of the
   couple, and when he asks them to kiss the bride goes “oh, no, no thank
   you” in this weird little mousey voice."

     He has shot over a 100 weddings and said he never saw a couple so
     not into each other as much as they were.

   "The whole thing was weird. The groom didn't even bother to properly
   make himself look presentable on his wedding day, it was literally the
   first time both sides of the family met that day."

   photographerrob: "Usually during the romantic pictured they have no
   obvious signs of affection to each other. Perhaps this is just the
   couples I work with but when we tell them to kiss and hold hands and be
   affectionate, the couples that have no problem being close usually
   last. There are so that are very timid and almost afraid the other
   partner is going to bite their head off. Those are the couples that
   won't last."

Offering yourself to the wedding photographer (if you are the bride)

   deweysizemore: "When I first got started I assisted for a photographer
   who was a good lookin fella. During the reception the bride told him
   they were going to have an open marriage and basically offered herself
   up to him, which he politely declined. Not sure how their marriage has
   turned out..."

Flirting with all the guests (if you are the groom)

   Clover1492: "The groom, as far as I could tell was just naturally
   flirtatious with women. 20 years old, 80 years old, didn't matter, he
   was a shameless flirt who had women blushing and probably dreaming
   about the honeymoon all night.

   "The bride wound up crying at the bar, apparently she assumed that once
   the groom said 'I Do', his personality would magically transform, and
   he'd never look at another woman again.

   "Turns out, harmlessly flirting with bridesmaids and their grandmothers
   wasn't what she needed to worry about, since the groom was equally as
   flirtatious with his best man (who was openly gay).

     The marriage lasted less than 6 months, until according to rumour
     the bride discovered her new groom flagrante delicto with the best
     man. Last I heard, now that gay marriage has been approved here,
     those two are planning a wedding of their own.

Being on your phone at the crucial moment

   directinLA: "Don't know if they are still together, but one groom was
   on his phone while walking down the aisle. And he was in jeans. She
   wasn't the happiest (sadly I did not get any of her reaction shots)."

   There is a time and a place for CandyCrush. Bride walking down the
   aisle? Not it.

Acting like a "jerk in general"

   Eatcheeseordie: "I also wonder about the brides  grooms who make
   snarky remarks during the day. Like, if I only know you for eight
   hours, but I know you're upset your new spouse didn't let you plan any
   of the wedding, then I'm not sure you have your priorities straight."

     And I wonder about their relationships when they're just jerks in
     general. Did you make your groomsmen all get different suits the day
     before the wedding? Did you spend the morning making misogynist
     comments to your photographer? You're probably difficult to be in a
     relationship with.

   Jazz4: "Also done a lot of wedding work in the past. I also got that
   feeling of 'how on earth are you two together'. He/she is an absolute
   ass and I've only met you for a few hours."

Being kind of dead inside

   hopopo: "I was a second shooter at the high profile wedding. Both bride
   and groom are lawyers and absolutely emotionally dead. They looked like
   business partners. Strangest thing of all was that at the end of the
   ceremony there was no kiss or exchange of rings. Her family member did
   ceremony and just skipped the whole thing. Whole ceremony lasted less
   than 5min."
     

   More: True experts have discovered how to keep sexual attraction alive
   in long term relationships

   More: The story behind Michelle Obama's beautiful final state dinner
   dress will impress you even more

           Upvote Upvoted
          
          
          
               o
               o
               o
               o

   [indy-100.png]

   Keep scrolling for next article

The list

     

1. This restaurant is serving 24K gold pizza for $2000 because why not?
       Monday 2 January 2017 16:30
               o
               o 102
               o
               o
     

2. In 2016 the number of UK armed forces deaths on operations was zero
       Monday 2 January 2017 15:00
               o
               o 570
               o
               o
     

3. The editor of the Wall Street Journal won't call Donald Trump a 'liar'
       Monday 2 January 2017 15:00
               o 2
               o 349
               o
               o
     

4. 14 secrets you never knew about flying
       Monday 2 January 2017 14:30
               o
               o 237
               o
               o
     
     

5. These sugar landscapes will haunt your best dreams
       Monday 2 January 2017 14:30
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

6. Amsterdam company creates contactless payment jacket for the homeless
       Monday 2 January 2017 12:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

7. Woman tries to take selfie with Crocodile. Gets bitten
       Monday 2 January 2017 12:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

8. Here’s why sadness can make you physically sick
       Monday 2 January 2017 11:30
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

9. The pill is not killing your libido, new study confirms
       Monday 2 January 2017 10:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

10. This is how much porn you can find on Tumblr, according to researchers
       Monday 2 January 2017 09:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

11. The stars of “Hollyweed” have been enjoying this man’s simple prank
       Monday 2 January 2017 08:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

12. Westboro Baptist Church using Pokémon Go to spread anti-LGBT message
       Monday 2 January 2017 08:30
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

13. Why California banned holding smart phones in cars
       Sunday 1 January 2017 17:00
               o 1
               o 10
               o
               o
     

14. These were the best TV shows of 2016
       Sunday 1 January 2017 17:00
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

15. The map of the world according to where prostitution is legal
       Sunday 1 January 2017 16:45
               o 1
               o 20
               o
               o
     

16. Kids watching live Frozen performance told 'Santa doesn't exist'
       Sunday 1 January 2017 15:30
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

17. Why Facebook isn't telling you everything it knows about you
       Sunday 1 January 2017 14:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

18. Of course Kim Jong-un decided to celebrate the new year with missiles
       Sunday 1 January 2017 14:30
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

19. Donald Trump thinks he knows the secret to cyber warfare
       Sunday 1 January 2017 14:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

20. Mariah Carey's weird response to her own error-strewn performance
       Sunday 1 January 2017 12:30
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

21. 16 images of New Year celebrations from around the world
       Sunday 1 January 2017 11:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

22. Emotional hangovers are a very real thing, scientists say
       Sunday 1 January 2017 10:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

23. Robbie Williams used hand sanitiser after touching the audience
       Sunday 1 January 2017 10:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

24. President Obama's response to Trump's New Years message was perfect
       Sunday 1 January 2017 09:00
               o 4
               o 0
               o
               o
     

25. How Donald Trump and President Obama wished you a Happy New Year
       Saturday 31 December 2016 15:45
               o
               o 1,687
               o
               o
     

26. This restaurant hires grandmas from around the world
       Saturday 31 December 2016 15:30
               o
               o 11
               o
               o
     

27. Photo of a Trump Tower billboard above sleeping children is real
       Saturday 31 December 2016 13:00
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

28. 14 questions you always wanted to ask a 911 dispatcher, answered
       Saturday 31 December 2016 12:45
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

29. Some lucky people will end 2016 with a comet fly-by
       Saturday 31 December 2016 12:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

30. People are accusing this company of trivialising mental illness
       Saturday 31 December 2016 11:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

31. 10 people who refused honours
       Saturday 31 December 2016 11:00
               o 27
               o 0
               o
               o
     

32. Reasons to be cheerful in 2017
       Saturday 31 December 2016 11:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

33. Here are all the things banned from Trump's inauguration
       Saturday 31 December 2016 10:30
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

34. No one wanted to adopt these dogs over Christmas, let's change that
       Saturday 31 December 2016 10:00
               o 4
               o 0
               o
               o
     
     

35. This year's must have toy is swearing at children
       Saturday 31 December 2016 09:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

36. Amazon’s latest gadget talked to a toddler... About porn
       Saturday 31 December 2016 09:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

37. Update: Heartbreaking poster of celebrities the world has lost in 2016
       Friday 30 December 2016 15:45
               o 3
               o 669
               o
               o
     

38. Here are the 41 people who influence Trump's Twitter timeline
       Friday 30 December 2016 16:15
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

39. Scientists have apparently discovered what makes the perfect breasts
       Friday 30 December 2016 15:30
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

40. Here's how the world's currencies got their names
       Friday 30 December 2016 15:00
               o 1
               o 20
               o
               o
     

41. Woman are more likely to get these diseases than men. Here's why
       Friday 30 December 2016 15:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

42. Are you smart enough to go to Oxford? Take the university's entry test
       Friday 30 December 2016 14:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

43. This woman's response to being dumped by a text message was perfect
       Friday 30 December 2016 13:45
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

44. This teen decorated a Bible for her boyfriend
       Friday 30 December 2016 13:30
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

45. Britons have their say on the best and worst parts of 2016
       Friday 30 December 2016 12:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

46. Trump campaigner told to 'resign immediately' after racist outburst
       Friday 30 December 2016 12:00
               o 3
               o 0
               o
               o
     

47. Piers Morgan called millennials 'soft' and the internet shut him down
       Friday 30 December 2016 12:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

48. We lost another star this year... And you probably missed the news
       Friday 30 December 2016 11:15
               o 3
               o 0
               o
               o
     

49. Sea ice levels are at an all-time low
       Friday 30 December 2016 10:00
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

50. This poster of celebrities the world lost in 2016 is heartbreaking
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 09:00
               o 6
               o 20,798
               o
               o
     

51. This mother's gift isn't as rude as it looks
       Friday 30 December 2016 09:30
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

52. 10 tips for budget travel from the man who’s been to every country in
       Friday 30 December 2016 09:15
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

53. This man is at the centre of a fake news story, and people are furious
       Friday 30 December 2016 09:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

54. This map reveals Wi-Fi passwords for airports around the world
       Friday 30 December 2016 08:45
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

55. Billboard worker accidentally plays porn for the whole city
       Friday 30 December 2016 08:30
               o 1
               o 13
               o
               o
     

56. When Donald Trump went after the UN, they had the best response
       Thursday 29 December 2016 15:45
               o 3
               o 52
               o
               o
     

57. People are suggesting the two rules for a Trump administration
       Thursday 29 December 2016 15:15
               o 1
               o 261
               o
               o
     

58. 5 charts that show the Tories are exaggerating voter fraud dangers
       Thursday 29 December 2016 15:45
               o 2
               o 39
               o
               o
     

59. 17 times UK politicians were beyond satire in 2016
       Thursday 29 December 2016 15:30
               o 2
               o 13
               o
               o
     

60. Parents, you might have to start wearing gloves to bed
       Thursday 29 December 2016 14:00
               o 1
               o 408
               o
               o
     

61. Why some clocks will read 11:59:60 this New Year's Eve
       Thursday 29 December 2016 13:30
               o 1
               o 26
               o
               o
     

62. It's official, big bosses 'don't deserve' big bonuses
       Thursday 29 December 2016 13:00
               o 3
               o 0
               o
               o
     

63. This columnist got into a Twitter feud with a Holocaust museum
       Thursday 29 December 2016 12:30
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

64. The 25 funniest tweets about 2016
       Thursday 29 December 2016 12:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

65. Kate Winslet has told a story about Alan Rickman's generosity
       Thursday 29 December 2016 11:45
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

66. 9 amazing quotes from Debbie Reynolds
       Thursday 29 December 2016 11:30
               o 3
               o 0
               o
               o
     

67. News reporter roars like Chewbacca while talking about Carrie Fisher
       Thursday 29 December 2016 10:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

68. All the disputed territories in the world, in one map
       Thursday 29 December 2016 10:00
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     
     

69. Just how confused is this man about geography?
       Thursday 29 December 2016 09:45
               o 5
               o 0
               o
               o
     

70. Every country surveyed would now vote Remain in an EU referendum
       Thursday 29 December 2016 09:30
               o 3
               o 0
               o
               o
     

71. This is why you shouldn't break into houses
       Thursday 29 December 2016 08:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

72. After this age in life, everything starts to get better
       Thursday 29 December 2016 08:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

73. Woman who called Michelle Obama an 'ape in heels' is definitely fired
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 10:45
               o 1
               o 4,643
               o
               o
     

74. This photo of a group of women on a couch is really freaky
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 15:45
               o 3
               o 654
               o
               o
     

75. The most significant death of 2016 you didn't hear about
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 15:00
               o 17
               o 189
               o
               o
     

76. A dentist has revealed the best way to whiten your teeth
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 15:15
               o 2
               o 4
               o
               o
     

77. This map tells you how likely you are to die in World War Three
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 14:00
               o 6
               o 64
               o
               o
     

78. Website shows islanders the impact of climate change on their homes
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 13:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

79. The dirty secrets of organic food
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 12:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

80. A pastry company had to apologise and delete its Carrie Fisher tribute
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 10:00
               o
               o 993
               o
               o
     

81. This company is taking all 800 of its employees on a Caribbean cruise
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 12:15
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

82. The 8 most difficult lessons to learn in your twenties
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 11:45
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

83. The difference between George Michael and Donald Trump- in two tweets
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 14:30
               o 4
               o 8,828
               o
               o
     

84. 8 ways to be a better person in 2017
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 11:15
               o 2
               o 0
               o
               o
     

85. Sweden's badass bikini police officer has just quit her job
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 11:00
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

86. The new street named after Brexit is literally a road to nowhere
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 09:45
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

87. People think David Bowie was the 'glue holding the universe together'
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 09:15
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

88. Read Carrie Fisher's amazing obituary to herself
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 08:00
               o 3
               o 373
               o
               o
     

89. A map of every country Britain has ever invaded
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 10:45
               o 2
               o 9,214
               o
               o
     

90. YouTuber's response to man who told her to stop talking about race
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 08:30
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

91. Just 25 photos of Carrie Fisher giving the finger
       Wednesday 28 December 2016 08:00
               o
               o 0
               o
               o
     

92. Eight years that were way worse than 2016
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 11:00
               o 2
               o 5,271
               o
               o
     

93. George Michael's 13 most generous acts
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 10:00
               o 4
               o 4,205
               o
               o
     

94. George Michael donated £15k for couple to have IVF
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 12:45
               o
               o 2,449
               o
               o
     

95. If you have any of these symptoms you may have an anxiety disorder
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 15:00
               o 1
               o 639
               o
               o
     

96. 5 things Obama has done in his final days in office to troll Trump
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 16:00
               o 1
               o 0
               o
               o
     

97. 5 times 'The Simpsons' predicted 2016
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 15:45
               o 2
               o 51
               o
               o
     

98. This little boy got his adoption certificate for Christmas
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 13:15
               o 3
               o 1,016
               o
               o
     

99. Donald Trump's cabinet owns more than the annual GDP of 87 countries
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 09:15
               o 1
               o 2,019
               o
               o
     

100. The 10 worst things the Government did in 2016
       Tuesday 27 December 2016 10:15
               o 2
               o 1,486
               o
               o

   © 2017

      User Policies
      Terms
      Privacy
      Cookies
      Advertise
      Feedback
      About indy100
<file=51>
   Latest People Sport The Mole //><!-- (function(){var
   e=['header','nav','section','article','aside','footer','hgroup'];for(va
   r i=0;i<e.length;i)document.createElement(e[i]);}()); //--><!

   Skip to main content area

   IFRAME:
   https://4967807.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=4967807;type=visit0;c
   at=allpage;ord=1?

   IFRAME:
   https://4967807.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=4967807;type=visit0;c
   at=allpage;ord=1;num=1?

   (BUTTON) Toggle menus The Week UK (BUTTON) Toggle search

   Subscribe
      Try 6 free issues of The Week magazine today

   Search 
   (<span>Search</span>) Search

Main menu

      News
      Business
      Technology
      Cars
      Money
      Portfolio
      People
      Sport
      Subscriptions
      Offers

   Sections

   Secondary menu
      Brexit
      Article 50
      Islamic State
      Jeremy Corbyn
      Theresa May
      Oil price
      Gold price

US election 2016

Weirdest Hillary Clinton conspiracy theories

   Nov 8, 2016

Democratic hopeful accused of being everything from a murderer to a body
double

      whatsapp
      facebook
      twitter
      google
      linkedin
      email

   Jeff Kowalsky/AFP/Getty Images

   The United States goes to the polls today to vote for their next
   president, with Democrat Hillary Clinton enjoying a slight edge over
   her Republican rival, Donald Trump.
   See related
   What is Hillary Clinton doing now?
   Donald Trump: Stars won't align for president-elect's inauguration
   US election 2016: What are Hillary Clinton's policies?

   Her campaign has been dogged by its fair share of controversies, most
   notably the prolonged investigation of her use of a private email
   server during her tenure as secretary of state.

   But while every career politician has skeletons in the closet, Clinton
   has also been the subject of dozens of extreme and bizarre conspiracy
   theories.

   Here are some of the most outlandish.

 Clinton has her opponents killed

   Rumours that Vince Foster, a senior White House staffer and boyhood
   friend of Bill Clinton who committed suicide in 1993, was actually a
   victim of the power-hungry Clintons have been a staple of right-wing
   talk radio for decades, despite five official investigations confirming
   he killed himself.

   Similar accusations followed the death of Seth Rich, a Democratic
   National Committee (DNC) employee shot dead in a suspected attempted
   robbery in July. Blogs from both extremes of the political spectrum
   speculate he "may have been silenced for threatening to expose some
   kind of massive voter fraud", Inquistr reports. Others suggest Rich
   was cooperating with hackers leaking DNC emails. The Metropolitan
   Police Department said there was "no indication that Seth Rich's death
   is connected to his employment at the DNC".

 Clinton has a body double

   Conservative media had a field day when Clinton collapsed at the 9/11
   memorial in New York while suffering from pneumonia, diagnosing her
   with everything from Parkinson's disease to multiple sclerosis.

   The Democratic nominee re-emerged on the campaign trail a few days
   later in seemingly rude health. Could it be that she was, as she said,
   actually in fine fettle? Nope, they said, she must have a body double.


     Body double before  after ClintonCollapse? Just a theory, but nose
     looks very different. HillaryHealth pic.twitter.com/Jb7owR5OGx

     — Alt Right (@AltRight) September 11, 2016

     Holy Crap, Hillary Clinton Could Be Using A BODY DOUBLE To Look
     'Healthy' https://t.co/ndisIhfbU6 via @yesimright1

     — Deplorable Debbie (@violetmae1547) November 2, 2016

   Professional Clinton impersonator Theresa Barnwell was bombarded with
   tweets suggesting she was standing in for the politician during an
   appearance in New York. After first joking that "maybe" she was in the
   city that day, Barnwell then issued an unequivocal response.

     OK people, calm down. I was in LA today, all day. Was just messin'
     with your crazy conspiracy minded little heads. Go to bed.

     — Teresa Barnwell (@teresabarnwell) September 12, 2016

Clinton faked a blood clot

   In December 2012, Clinton was hospitalised with a blood clot not long
   before she was due to testify at a congressional hearing into the
   attack on the US embassy in Benghazi, Libya. Glenn Beck of Fox News was
   sceptical, however, asking whether it "just a scam so that we didn't
   talk about [Benghazi]".

   He also added: "If she really had some weird thing in the hospital,
   then it should prohibit her from ever becoming president," reports
   Mother Jones.

   In one of the most bizarre twists of a bizarre election season, Beck,
   who has built his TV career on whipping up conservative hysteria, has
   now said he will vote for Clinton, calling her the "moral choice"
   compared to Trump.

 Clinton's campaign manager kidnapped Madeleine McCann

   The theory that John Podesta, Clinton's campaign manager, and his
   brother Mike were responsible for the kidnapping of Madeleine McCann in
   2007 gathered steam on message board 4chan yesterday, with the two men
   compared to computer-generated renderings of two suspects released by
   Portuguese police three years ago.

     Help find missing Madeleine McCann.
     Last seen with @HillaryClinton's campaign manager John Podesta.
     DrainTheSwamp SpiritCooking MAGA pic.twitter.com/tJjAWcpBbk

     — VoteTrump (@TrumpsRight) November 7, 2016

   While Clinton's campaign team is highly unlikely to even acknowledge
   the outlandish claim, it has been debunked by at least one unlikely
   source – right-wing news blog Regated, which says the similarity to the
   brothers is "shocking", but "the police sketches are actually just one
   person".

   Pitzer College professor Brian Keeley, a conspiracy theory expert, told
   the Daily Beast such outlandish theories offer "a deep sense of hope"
   for their believers as they provide a coping mechanism for those who
   are "baffled that we've ended up with Clinton and Trump as the
   Democratic and Republican candidates for president".

   Sign up for our daily newsletter
   Newsletter
   

   (BUTTON) Close
   (Sign me up) Sign me up

   Read more:
   US
   Hilary Clinton
   Donald Trump
   Politics
   People

You are here:

    1. Home

     US election 2016

     Weirdest Hillary Clinton conspiracy theories

   View the discussion thread.

   Related Articles
      Donald Trump

US election 2016
       Stars won't align for Trump's inauguration
      Melania Trump

US election 2016
       Melania Trump: 20 things you didn't know about Donald's wife
      United Nations

One-Minute Read
       Egypt delays UN Israel motion after Trump intervention
      [gettyimages-622095308.jpg?itok=y0zA9LQV]

In Depth
       Peter Navarro: Why Trump's cabinet spells trouble with China
      [160722ivankatrump0.jpg?itok=6HK2YQI]

US election 2016
       11 things you didn't know about Ivanka Trump
      Science Drug

One-Minute Read
       MS sufferers given new hope with 'landmark' drug
      [161222-obama-oil-spill.jpg?itok=yjpx1R0D]

One-Minute Read
       Obama looks to secure his green legacy
      Ed Miliband

One-Minute Read
       Ed Miliband used as stock flu photo on US news

   TRY A FREE ISSUE
   of The Week Magazine
   Try

Financial Life Planning

   In association with
   Investment: Can you make money from wine and classic cars?
   Pay it forward: Passing on financial skills to your children
   Your child's education: a private matter?
   Read more

Business Briefing

   Get the latest news from The City at 8am
   US to sue Barclays over mortgage securities 'fraud'
   Deutsche agrees $7.2bn settlement with US authorities
   MPs to grill Carney over 'unintended consequences'
   Read More

Popular

     

Five of the best ways to stop smoking in 2017
       Science  Health
     

Art in focus 2017: The exhibitions to watch for this year
       Culture

   Trending Topics
      Islamic State
      Gold price
      EU Referendum
      Jeremy Clarkson
      Jeremy Corbyn
      Oil price

Daily Briefing

   Ten things you need to know today
   In partnership with Rolex
      Man shot dead by police on M62
      British man killed fighting Islamic State
      Banks to reveal Brexit move plans

   Read more
   Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events
    1. SAVE over £30 on this season's Italian Olive Oils
    2. WIN a mini-break in Penzance with Doris  Dicky
    3. WIN tickets to see Maps and the 20th Century

   FIND OUT MORE

   Back to top
      Facebook
      Twitter

      News
      Business
      Technology
      Cars
      Money
      Portfolio
      People
      Sport
      Subscriptions
      Offers

      The Week US
      The WeekDay
      Privacy
      RSS
      Sitemap
      Contact us
      Authors
      About us

   © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing
   Limited.
   The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are
   trademarks of Felix Dennis.
      Felix Dennis
      Jobs
      Media Information
      Subscription Enquires
      Books
      Apps
      Your Online Choices

   [weirdest-hillary-clinton-conspiracy-theoriesc5=c6=c15=cv=2.0cj=1]
<file=52>
   The Telegraph
   (Submit)
      Premium
      News
      Sport
      Business
      Money
      Opinion
      Obituaries
      Travel
      Tech  Science
      Culture
      Film
      TV
      Lifestyle
      Fashion
      Luxury
      Cars
      Video
      Christmas

      Free Mobile App
      Jobs
      Financial Services
      Rewards
      Events
      Dating
      Offers
      Shop
      Garden Shop
      Bookshop
      Box Office
      Puzzles
      Fantasy Football
      Wine Shop
      Work at The Telegraph

      Log out
      My Account
      Subscribe
      Rewards
      Video

      Login
      Register
      Subscribe
      Rewards
      Video

      Log out
      Rewards
      My Account
      Video

   The Telegraph
      Home
      News
      Sport
      Business

   (Submit) ALL SECTIONS
      News

      UK
      World
      Politics
      Science
      Entertainment
      Pictures
      Investigations
      Brexit

   (Submit) More
      Telegraph
      News

The five weirdest conspiracy theories about the US Election

   Donald Trump shakes hands with Hillary Clinton There are some very
   strange theories going around the internet Credit: Getty Images/Drew
   Angerer
      Helena Horton

   7 November 2016 • 2:53pm

   This has been perhaps the strangest US election in history - and the
   rise of social media and online news has made it easier than ever for
   oddball conspiracy theories to spread.

   Here are some of the crackpot claims circulating about the election.
   US president countdown

1. Some think the whole election is rigged...

   The person spreading this conspiracy theory is none other than Donald
   Trump himself. He may not accept the election if Mrs Clinton wins,
   because it has been "rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with
   the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into
   news!"

   The media has not needed to "put stories that never happened into news"
   - there is plenty of video evidence of the presidential candidate being
   controversial.

     The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and
     distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling
     places - SAD
     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016

2. ... And that the media is in on it

   People on the far-Left and far-Right both echo the opinion that one
   shouldn't believe the "biased MSM" and should instead trust blogs and
   Wikileaks.

   The "maddest Left-wing website in the world", The Canary, has decided
   to publish an article hinting the election is rigged.

     The Canary joins-in on the Trump "rigged" election conspiracy
     theories, based on one test post of the results
     https://t.co/h7afvZvo0G
     — Robin Henry (@RobinHenry) November 7, 2016

   This article focuses on the fact a news site appears to have
   accidentally published their test article for the election results day
   - and it says Hillary Clinton will win.

   The Canary writes: "But what does this most recent leak actually prove?
   We know that mainstream media outlets influence public opinion, and
   that they often have connections to the rich and powerful. But would
   they really go to the extent of rigging election results?

   "On 9 November, we’ll discover who has won the election. And we’ll see
   if the numbers match those leaked by WRCB. Only then will we have the
   answer to the questions above."

3. Rumours that Hillary Clinton is ill or even dead

   Mrs Clinton has recovered from her pneumonia despite working through it
   Mrs Clinton has recovered from her pneumonia despite working through it
   Credit: AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee

   Hillary Clinton had to admit to having pneumonia in September,
   cancelling some appearances until she recovered. However, some
   conspiracy theorists thought the situation was far more grave. Sources,
   including website the Inquisitr have claimed the presidential candidate
   could be using a body double.

   And there are plenty of videos on YouTube claiming Mrs Clinton is
   seriously ill and even dying due to tiny pieces of inconsequential
   "evidence" - seemingly hoping to prove she is unfit to be president.

4. Unfounded claims that Mrs Clinton is a satanist

   Wikileaks took time off exposing corruption to spread a rumour that
   Hillary Clinton was linked to a ritual called 'Spirit Cooking', which
   allegedly involves "blood, sperm and breast milk".

     The Podestas' "Spirit Cooking" dinner?
     It's not what you think.
     It's blood, sperm and breastmilk.
     But mostly blood.https://t.co/gGPWFS3B2H pic.twitter.com/I43KiiraDh
     — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 4, 2016

   This is because in an email allegedly from campaign chairman John
   Podesta's brother Tony, the phrase "spirit cooking" is mentioned. The
   website then linked to a video which shows artist Marina Abramovic
   doing a presentation called Spirit Cooking, which mentions the human
   bodily fluids.

   Obviously, alt-Right blogs latched on to this rumour and decided to
   spread around that Hillary Clinton takes part in a "satanic practice"
   despite not sending or receiving any emails to do with Spirit Cooking.

   The website Snopes has debunked this conspiracy theory - Spirit Cooking
   is not satanic but it is an art project by Ms Abramovic, and the dinner
   she cooked did not include blood, sperm or breast milk.

5. And many claim Trump is a plant working for Clinton

     Do you every get the feeling that Donald Trump is a "plant" by the
     Clinton's? DEBATE
     — Jimmy Trammell (@jtrammell) October 20, 2016

   Many appear to think The Donald has been told by the Clinton camp to be
   as controversial as possible to deter people from voting Republican and
   hand her the victory.
   Donald Trump will honour election result - if he wins Watch | Donald
   Trump will honour election result - if he wins
   00:36

   But judging by the insults both camps have fired at each other, it
   seems extremely unlikely the two are in cahoots.
   US election voting predictions bar

   IFRAME: //renderer.qmerce.com/interaction/582073732aaef130597d45fb


   Follow Telegraph News

READ MORE ABOUT:

      US Election
      Media Outlets
      USA
      Republicans
      Democrats
      Wikileaks
      Corruption
      Hillary Clinton
      Social media
      Donald Trump
      Show more

   IFRAME: http://widgethost.barnebys.com/widget/telegraph/9/int/

News latest

    1. 00:36
       Mariah Carey ends 2016 with 'disastrous' performance
       03 Jan 2017, 7:53am

Mariah Carey's production team denies sabotaging New Year's performance
    2. Patrick Knapp Schwarzenegger, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tyra Banks
       on The New Celebrity Apprentice
       03 Jan 2017, 7:33am

Arnold Schwarzenneger immediately outdoes Trump in the New Celebrity
Apprentice - review
       2
    3. George Cottrell admitted attempting to defraud
       03 Jan 2017, 7:26am

Ukip volunteer faces 20 years in jail after admitting attempted 'dark web'
fraud
    4. Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) - Sherlock
       03 Jan 2017, 7:08am

Sherlock: Cumberbatch's return in The Six Thatchers was worth all the hype -
review
       4
    5. Michael Gove backs the Change Britain group
       03 Jan 2017, 7:03am

UK will create 400,000 jobs if it quits the customs union as part of Brexit
talks, analysis finds
    6. The scene of the incident on the M62 slip road
       03 Jan 2017, 7:03am

Man shot dead by police during 'pre-planned' operation on M62 slip road
    7. epaselect TURKEY GUN ATTACK REINA AFTERMATH
       Gallery
       03 Jan 2017, 7:03am

Gallery: Pictures of the day: 3 January 2017
    8. Tom Hardy is Taboo, the BBC's new drama
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Tom Hardy wins dream acting role - after convincing his dad to write it for
him
    9. Colin Dexter has entertained fans for years with his cameos
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Morse creator Colin Dexter bows out of famous TV cameos, as John Thaw's widow
Sheila Hancock joins the cast
   10. Person in Australian flag hat
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

What is Australia Day and how can I celebrate it in London?
   11. Sir Tom Jones has rejoined The Voice on ITV
       03 Jan 2017, 6:00am

Sir Tom Jones: I was treated better on a building site than at BBC
   12. Donald Tsang arrives at court
       03 Jan 2017, 5:45am

Hong Kong's former leader Donald Tsang pleads not guilty as corruption trial
begins
   13. Donald Trump says China must do more to rein in North Korea
       03 Jan 2017, 5:23am

Donald Trump dismisses North Korean nuclear missile threat and hits out at
China for not controlling ally
   14. Nigel Evans warned that cash transfers were "clearly open to fraud"
       03 Jan 2017, 4:46am

Pakistan cash transfers defended as MP says aid programme amounts to
'exporting the dole'
   15. The scheme in Finland is hoped to cut government red tape, reduce
       poverty and boost employment
       03 Jan 2017, 3:25am

Finland's unemployed to be given basic income of 560 euros per month in first
such experiment in Europe
   16. Jeremy Corbyn
       03 Jan 2017, 2:31am

Labour on course to get fewer than 200 seats at next election, Fabians say,
warning it has 'almost no chance of majority'
   17. Rebecca Cowin
       03 Jan 2017, 12:26am

Police officer sacked for lying to protect her detective constable boyfriend
- but he keeps his job
   18. 01:01
       Change4Life: Kids have half their daily sugar for breakfast
       03 Jan 2017, 12:22am

Children have half their daily recommended sugar before school
   19. Abbeyfield House, a Care Home in New Malden helping the elderly who
       suffer form Dementia
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

Care homes should house students to stop 'age apartheid' between old and
young
   20. Survey of doctors finds 61 per cent believe action is needed to
       relieve pressure on emergency departments
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

Put GPs in AE to deal with patients who do not need emergency care, say
doctors
   21. A woman eats cake at her desk
       03 Jan 2017, 12:01am

Office 'cake culture' is fueling obesity crisis and treats should be swapped
for hugs

   If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in
   Register Log in
      Contact us
      Rewards
      Archive
      Reader Prints
      Advertising
      Syndication
      Guidelines
      Privacy
      Terms and Conditions
      Leave your feedback

   © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
   Matt Ad Blocker Message

Your support makes a big difference

   In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative
   journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by
   advertising.

   Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker.
   Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference.

   Thank you.

   Need help?

   Click here for instructions
   (Submit) Close
<file=53>
   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online Science
   RSS feed Latest Science Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
          Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      Science
      Pictures

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

The strange 'funnel' on Mars that scientists say could be the best place to
look for alien life

      Researchers spotted depression in a crater on edge of the Hellas
       basin
      New analysis shows it was likely formed by a volcano underneath a
       glacier
      They these conditions could host liquid water and chemical
       nutrients

   By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com

   Published: 19:55 GMT, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 09:47 GMT, 18
   November 2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   35 shares

   28

   View
   comments

   A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could hold the
   ‘key ingredients’ for life.

   It’s been thought that the feature known as the Hellas depression may
   have been formed by a volcano beneath a glacier, but now, researchers
   have conducted an in-depth analysis using stereoscopic images and
   digital elevation models.

   The new investigation suggests the depression does have many signs of
   volcanic origins similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ on Earth, meaning it could
   create an environment warm enough to host liquid water and chemical
   nutrients.

   Scroll down for video
   A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could hold the
   ‘key ingredients’ for life. The Hellas depression is pictured on left,
   while another feature known as the Galaxias Fossae depression is shown
   on right  A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could
   hold the ‘key ingredients’ for life. The Hellas depression is pictured
   on left, while another feature known as the Galaxias Fossae depression
   is shown on right

   A bizarre funnel-like depression on the surface of Mars could hold the
   ‘key ingredients’ for life. The Hellas depression is pictured on left,
   while another feature known as the Galaxias Fossae depression is shown
   on right

WAS MARTIAN LIFE FOUND 40 YEARS AGO?

   In a recent study, researchers examined the results from the 1976
   Viking Labeled Release experiment, which at the time was said to have
   found extant microbial life.

   The results showed simiarities to responses seen in terrestrial soil,
   including data from samples collected in California, Alaska, and
   Antarctica

   They also evaluated non-biological hypotheses which have suggested that
   the results were ‘most likely caused by a non-biological soil oxidant.’

   But, no such oxidant that could satisfy all of the findings has ever
   been identified, and there have been no further metabolic experiments
   on the red planet.

   The researchers determined that the findings from the Viking
   experiments are ‘consistent with a biological explanation,’ suggesting
   microorganisms on Mars adapted and evolved to meet harsh environmental
   conditions.

   The site was first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the
   crack-like features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter were similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland.

   On Earth, these structures are created when volcanoes erupt under an
   ice sheet – and on Mars, these conditions have the potential to host
   life.

   ‘We were drawn to this site because it looked like it could host some
   of the key ingredients for habitability – water, heat, and nutrients,’
   said lead author Joseph Levy, a research associate at the University of
   Texas Institute for Geophysics.

   The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a crater on the
   rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient glacial
   deposits.

   The researchers also noted another depression in the Galaxias Fossae
   region with a similar appearance.

   ‘These landforms caught our eye because they’re weird looking,’ Levy
   said.

   ‘They’re concentrically fractured so they look like a bull’s-eye. That
   can be a very diagnostic pattern you see in Earth materials.’

RELATED ARTICLES

      Previous
      1
      Next

      [3A3D21AF00000578-0-image-m-171478797912035.jpg] Bathroom
       breakthrough as researchers reveal 'splash free'...
       [3A3D388200000578-0-image-m-1051478797716351.jpg] A secret passage
       beneath Shakespeare's Curtain Theatre is...
       [0BC017E6000005DC-0-image-m-221478791602499.jpg] How interbreeding
       with Neanderthals allowed us to survive:...
       [3A3CE01D00000578-0-image-m-751478793003863.jpg] The fossils that
       rewrite the history of the dinosaurs: 230...

Share this article

   Share
   35 shares
   The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a crater on the
   rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient glacial
   deposits The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a
   crater on the rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient
   glacial deposits

   The strange, funnel-shaped depression was found inside a crater on the
   rim of the Hellas basin, and it’s surrounded by ancient glacial
   deposits

   In the study, researchers created digital elevation models using pairs
   of high-resolution images, allowing them to analyze the 3D shape and
   structure of the depressions.

   Doing this gave a clearer picture of whether the features had volcanic
   origins, or were created from impact.

   Through this analysis, the researchers found that both depressions were
   funnel shaped, growing much narrower with increasing depth.

   ‘That surprised us and led to a lot of thinking about whether it meant
   there was melting concentrated in the center that removed ice and
   allowed stuff to pour in from the sides,’ Levy said.

   ‘Or if you had an impact crater, did you start with a much smaller
   crater in the past, and by sublimating away ice, you’ve expanded the
   apparent size of the crater.’
   The site was first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the
   crack-like features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter were similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland. An
   ice cauldron in Iceland's Vatnajökull ice cap is pictured  The site was
   first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the crack-like
   features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter were
   similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland. An ice cauldron
   in Iceland's Vatnajökull ice cap is pictured

   The site was first detected in 2009, when researchers noticed that the
   crack-like features in images captured by the Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter were similar to ‘ice cauldrons’ in Iceland and Greenland. An
   ice cauldron in Iceland's Vatnajökull ice cap is pictured

   The study revealed these two depressions likely formed in different
   ways.

   While the debris around the Galaxias Fossae depression is suggestive of
   an impact, the Hellas depression showed many signs of volcanism.

   The researcher says these depressions should be considered when looking
   for habitable areas on Mars – especially the Hellas formation.

   And, other scientists appear to agree.

   ‘These features do really resemble ice cauldrons known form Earth, and
   just from that perspective they should be of great interest,’ says Gro
   Pederson, a volcanologist at the University of Iceland, who was not
   involved with the research.

   ‘Both because their existence may provide information on the properties
   of subsurface material – the potential existence of ice – and because
   of the potential for revealing ice-volcano interactions.’


Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     
      35
       shares

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

      Like DailyMail
      Follow MailOnline
      Follow DailyMail
      1 DailyMail

      Download our iPhone app
      Download our Android app

      Today's headlines
      Most Read

      The design genius who was left flummoxed by a potato peeler: Man
       who invented high-speed trains and the...
      Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the
       world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve...
      Scientists discover the gene editing 'off-switch' that could
       protect against accidents or stop it from being...
      Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average
       person can't cope with more than four...
      Can YOU see what's really going on here? Confusing camel optical
       illusion leaves the internet baffled
      Can a gel made with you own blood heal chronic leg wounds?
       Patients' own DNA can help kickstart repair...
      Are smart ROADS key for self-driving cars? Authorities say
       technology will prevent accidents, reduce travel...
      The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave
       could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the...
      Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive
       Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed...
      Is this the fossilised penis of an Ice Age mammoth found on a
       Norfolk beach - or is it something even...
      Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they
       find floating on the water
      No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX
       MONTHS it took them to get out of their...
      Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could
       debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for...
      Observatory camera captures the rare moment a METEOR flies over an
       erupting volcano in Costa Rica
      How the threat of floods is shifting across the US: Map reveals the
       risk is growing in the north, but...

      MORE HEADLINES

      Samsung unveils THREE new phones: New Galaxy A handsets feature
       metal frame with a glass back - and all are water and dust
       resistant
      No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX
       MONTHS it took them to get out of their eggs when they were born
      Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the
       world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve efficiency
      Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive
       Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet
       satellite
      Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could
       debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for texting during a movie
      From augmented reality and ultra-high resolution TVs to Faraday
       Future's 'Tesla killer': What to expect from CES 2017
      The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave
       could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US - but it's unlikely
       to happen
      Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they
       find floating on the water
      Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average
       person can't cope with more than four conversations at once
      MOST READ IN DETAIL



DON'T MISS

      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes twins Vivienne and Knox and
       daughter Shiloh for ice cream during ski trip... as she jets away
       from divorce drama
      'I could fit a whole head in one cup': Scarlett Moffatt praises
       regime for shrinking her J cup bust by 7in... as she hits back at
       weight trolls Lost 3st 4lb in total
      Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red
       carpet argument' at her Lion premiere just days before dancing up a
       storm on stage on NYE
      'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is
       unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through'
       her roles
      Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she
       flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning
      'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating MS ready meals!' We
       challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER!
       SPONSORED
      Undercover lovers: Leonardo DiCaprio shades his face with a towel
       as he enjoys getaway with girlfriend Nina Agdal in Mexico Come over
       all shy?
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! CHRISTOPHER
       STEVENS is gripped
      Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on
       sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT
       Robin Thicke snap
      Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering
       new wife Ronnie Mitchell has drowned on their wedding day
      What a carry on! Hilary Duff gives son Luca a piggyback as she
       flaunts toned body in denim bikini top and hotpants Only way to
       travel!
     
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional
       cycling Hope he's insured
      Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in
       the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely
       stunning
      'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for
       pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as
       she vows to regain her 'big butt'
      Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer dons stylish black bikini for
       beach time with fellow musician boyfriend Jack Gilinsky New Year to
       remember
      Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts
       barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered
       make-up snap
      Stassi Schroeder goes skinny dipping with gal pals before being
       caught in spotlight on Vanderpump Rules Knows how to make a splash
      Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping
       assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai
       break
      'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie
       stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby -
       as she poses with daughter Polly, five
      'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a
       nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau
       Ryan in the Maldives
      Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year
       gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead
       National Television nods
     
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids
       during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of
       Brad Pitt split
      Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts
       while hitting beach in Miami with family Life's a beach
      'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces
       15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Head over heels
      Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear
       view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend
      Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers mock Martin Freeman for
       pretending to update static picture of his blog in epic blunder in
       record New Year's Day show
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print
       bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the
       beach in Miami
      Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up
       sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on
       Miami beach
      Easy riders! Steven Tyler and his rumoured fiancée Aimee Ann
       Preston drive motorbikes in Hawaii He is 40 years older than his
       rumoured fiancée
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko
       displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on
       Miami beach
      Grin and bear it! Paris Jackson livestreams brother Prince getting
       a massive tattoo... before getting some new ink of her own What are
       you inking!
     
      Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana
       dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square
       meltdown
      EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets
       about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned
      Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen
       as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015
      'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated
       with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her
       Instagram snap
      Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome
       Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a
       place you'd want to stay
      Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she
       pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in
       particularly high spirits
      Here comes trouble! Rihanna plays coy as she wears casual jet-set
       look at JFK... as ex Drake and JLo spend NYE together in Vegas
       Moving on
      Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at
       inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting
       against racism
      'I missed you': Bindi Irwin's heart swells as she is reunited with
       boyfriend Chandler Powell after couple spend three weeks apart
      Watch out Beckham! Doutzen Kroes displays sweet soccer skills in
       tiny white shorts with family in Miami She's not only a whizz on
       the runway
      'It's back!': Will And Grace star Leslie Jordan confirms new season
       of hit sitcom will hit screens this year Was a huge hit the in
       1990s
      Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea
       Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff
      The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle:
       Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like
       she's on her way to an awards
      'It was a kick in the bs': Sir Tom Jones slams the BBC again
       for his sudden drop from The Voice... as he poses alongside new
       judges for ITV reboot
      'I was 16ish': Kim Zolciak is barely recognizable in throwback
       photo from her teenage years Determined to stay young forever
     
      Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve
       stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a
       picture-perfect couple
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing
       herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives
       getaway
      Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned
       top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along
       as she stepped out
      Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink
       bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance
       partner Daisy Lowe
      The holidays are over! Harrison Ford arrives back in LA with wife
       Calista Flockhart after winter break Star Wars cast reeling from
       Carrie's death
      'Making her laugh was always a badge of honor': Mark Hamill pens
       heartfelt goodbye letter to Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher He's
       best memories
      Glad to be home? Nicole Richie and Joel Madden look downcast after
       holiday getaway as they jet into LA with their kids Family affair
      New mum Behati Prinsloo shows off her slender figure in a tank top
       and cut-off shorts while on holiday in Mexico Looked sensational
      Goodbye paradise! Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in striped maxi
       dress as she leaves Hawaii with her family Home sweet home
      There's something about broccoli! Cameron Diaz shops for organic
       veggies during grocery run in Los Angeles Green and lean
      'You come here you get a cap in your a': Real Housewives star
       Kenya Moore points gun at home intruders She's not taking any
       chances
      Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable
       curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the
       Maldives Lucky woman
      Desert rose: Amy Adams stuns in floral gown at Palm Springs
       International Film Festival Kickstarting red carpet season
      Nicole Kidman is girly glam as she sports dress covered in playful
       illustrations at Palm Springs International Film Festival Stunnning
      Lady in blue-gray! Kirsten Dunst shows off cleavage in full-length
       gown with front slit at Palms Springs International Film Festival
      'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte
       Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy
       and split from Gaz Beadle
      Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big
       Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame
       Bianca Gascoigne
      The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA
       with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret
       ceremony in Australia
      Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out
       with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand
       Proposed last week
      All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage
       inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls'
       break
      Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie
       Edmondson announces her engagement  She is marry Sam Francis, also
       29
      Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the
       imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in
       Manchester
      Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their
       hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return
       for all star series
      Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini
       as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian
       bombshell
      Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her
       brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram
       photo
      Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up
       to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after
       secretly tying the knot
      Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal
       in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote
      'Facing my fears for the new year:' Leighton Meester beats her
       phobia of popping champagne in Instagram video Cheers to that!
      Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as
       she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic
       black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter
       Alaia-Mai
      'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious':
       Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to
       give up alcohol
      Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with
       boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter
       while in a black jumpsuit
      MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack
       on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes
       firmly behind them
      'The worst thing was not knowing if he'd come home': Emma Willis
       recalls chilling fears over husband Matt's addictions... as she
       reveals plans to renew wedding vows
      'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her
       hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the
       Seychelles
      Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son
       suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now
       battling depression
      New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes
       manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans
      Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother
       Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old
       actress posted a picture
      Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty
       print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican
       holiday Positively heaven sent
      Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate
       ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the
       duo's exit
      Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys
       romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts
       Festive family trip
      Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends
       the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien
       Richardson
      Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family
       selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and
       Harley
      Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini
       as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big
       Brother debut
      Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with
       husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no
       problems showing it off
      Reynolds Reynolds 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony
       Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE
       REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood
      Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a
       red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai
      Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in
       mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Looked like a
       perfect 10
      Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit
       as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out
       in Manchester
      She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her
       trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named
       brand ambassador
      Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear
       selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles
       behind her
      Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their
       parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw
       his grandad's grave
      Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller
       tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM
       Grand casino
      Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses
       make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts
       this week
      Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on
       her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken
       show The Jump
      Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in
       2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child
      Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely
       tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in
       Studio City
      'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned
       down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he
       wasn't British
      Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach
       day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados
       Firm friendship
      Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby
       Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver
      Mariah Carey New Years Mariah Carey New Years Dick Clark
       Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as
       'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed
       on faulty earpiece
      'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel'
       bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in
       newly resurfaced essay
      Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she
       tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's
       up
      New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key
       Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of
       Manhattan
      Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad
       as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter
       wonderland
      Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father
       Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million
       dollar court case
      Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey
       show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the
       Maldives
      'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda
       Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen
       husband Martin Freeman
      Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in
       Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from
       the octagon
      Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon
       dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton
      Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual
       stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first
       Christmas alone
      Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami...
       weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage
       lasted a year
      'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini
       as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths
      Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a
       mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with
       shirtless beau James
      Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New
       Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to
       'in-laws'
      In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with
       sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a
       turquoise swimsuit
      'Guess you fd my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping
       with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares
       for due date
      That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze
       Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up
       display in Manchester
      Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling
       bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk
       on the wild side
      Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks
       around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous
       mother's hand
      CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid
       The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one
       star
      'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman
       standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The
       44-year-old actor is picky about his projects
      Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic
       beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados
      She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the
       guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents
      Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy
       purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie
      Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour
       trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him
       hospitalised
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had
       tried to kill himself many times
      Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra
       Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas
      Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New
       Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over
       her derrière
      Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts
       her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new
       fiancé Paul Khoury
      Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a
       plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini
       babe
      'Get your happy aes home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle
       Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara
       Falls
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star
       'upset'
      'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a
       bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian
       beach
      Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity
       photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she
       met Prince Harry
      'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her
       phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from
       Hawaii
      'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her
       bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about
       ditching leaking lifts
      Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is
       pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's
       Eve party
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling
       cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives
       getaway
      Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show
       after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new
       show
      Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling
       skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in
       Gambia
      Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on
       EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised
       acting
      Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless
       beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the
       life
      'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances
       around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December
      Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up
       the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig
       at London's G-A-Y
      'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party
       horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods
      'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi
       Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat
      Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the
       formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017
      'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her
       famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model
       body
      Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's
       second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end
       top three
      Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from
       boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills!
      'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for
       New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot
      'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as
       they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch
      They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie
       Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting
       in 2015
      'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying
       nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by
       drug use
      If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins
       the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at
       Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion
      Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the
       Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary
       truck
      'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with
       husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau
      Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive
       physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked
       good, always
      '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing
       bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017
      Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as
       awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan
      Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she
       poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy
       shoot
      'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss
       on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12,
       2016
      'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast
       exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused
       of being shy
      Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed
       bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip
       She looked incredible
      Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as
       girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New
       Year's Day
      Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey
       Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's
       Eve in Hollywood
      Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau
       Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her
       support
      Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night
       in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood
      'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt
       says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she
       admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked
      Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days
       before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis
      Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely
       Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six
       months of sobriety
      Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son
       Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has
       taken his first steps
      Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her
       famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious
       London spa
      Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter
       after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star
       has threatened legal action
      'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda
       Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with
       now ex Martin Freeman
      James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique
       in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive
       family jaunt
      Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam
       account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him!
      Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen
       starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in
       2008
      A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with
       son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet
       display
      'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes
       thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she
       turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami
      'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit
       selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new
       year Looked smoking hot
      MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED
       in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip
       Ex On The Beach star
      Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in
       barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break
       Still absolutely stunning
       'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy
       reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years
       sober
      'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she
       'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as
       probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on
      Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm
       rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival
       in UK
      'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his
       family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars
       ring in 2017
      'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover
       selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic
       passing Looked worse for wear
      'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan':
       Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry
       after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother
      Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing
       their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after
       snubbing recent band reunion
      Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath
       slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to
       ring in 2017
      'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and
       STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a
       holiday too. Can't I just have one?'
      Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful
       break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some
       painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior
      Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying
       hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably
       disgusted
      She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj
       for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts
       to last night drinking for a year
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in
       powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel
       Baldwin in Barbados
      Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in
       intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade
       ball Fancy dress
      This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy
       striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy
       sunbathing session
      Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve
       run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation
      Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's
       bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub
      Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his
       shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show
       in Buenos Aires
      Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample
       cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the
       Maldives
      Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy
       high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting
       the beach
      'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in
       revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the
       benefit of Scottie?
      Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton
       Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body
       in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad
       selfie from a beach
      Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks
       radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to
       the sky in Barbados
      Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying
       sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless
       selfie in The Seychelles
      Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she
       sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent
      Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends
       broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe
       Ferry Daring look
      Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms'
       pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram
       selfie
      'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend':
       Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party
       flirtations almost caused relationship split
      'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time...
       as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put
       paid to speculation
      The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes,
       Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on
       holiday in Brazil
      Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy
       halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two
       stone weight loss
      Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini
       display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view
      'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with
       son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together
       with family ski trip after strained 2016
      Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink
       printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure
      'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment
       she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at
       New Year's Eve bash
      Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside
       performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in
       styke
      '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as
       they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes
      Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad
       The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage.
      Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy
       bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven
       months pregnant
      Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before
       flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the
       sun-soaked Maldives
      Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping
       for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on
       topping up her tan
      Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with
       surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a
       hangover
      A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed
       in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik
       for annual banquet
      She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky'
       to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly
       after five years
      Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless
       bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in
       The Seychelles
      SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa
       Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband
       possibly inside
      'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts
       silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out
      'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses
       with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab
      Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys
       family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski
       slopes with Heidi Klum
      Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins
       bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths
       break
      Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of
       The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in
       the 2005 movie
      'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen
       in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea
       Handler
      Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she
       rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell
       celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott
      Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St
       Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess
      The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she
       gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her
       debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149
      Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they
       celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement
       ring back on
      Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace
       mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve
      'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive
       New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué
      Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED
       while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she
       flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali
      I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram
       picture on New Year's Day  First child
      Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings
       in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after
       sparking engagement rumours
      Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK
       wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October'
      Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan
       Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up
      Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival
       Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine
      That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New
       Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's
       Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish
      Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she
       heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate
      Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned
       midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs
      'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in
       the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried
       about germs?
      The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful
       misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth
      Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making
       anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz
       before the show's debut
      Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead
       of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations
      She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating
       New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable
      'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social
       media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown
       on Times Square stage
      Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant'
       girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle
       down, ladies!
      Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't
       wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more
       'real' on screen
      '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy
       Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts
       Photogenic couple
      Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a
       New Year's Eve kiss How can that be?
      'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and
       panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star
       posed in her bathroom mirror
      Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit
       as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer
       Lopez at the last minute
      'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka
       Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and
       Hanukkah with her husband and children
      'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black
       eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with
       a shiner
      'I've got so much sht on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at
       Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a
       controversial message
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is
       drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to
       instil a work ethic
      A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A
       look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they
       prepare for 2017
      'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single
       woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year
       as a single woman
      SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan
       as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time
       since he left her to fight alone in court
      'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian
       rainforests with her loved ones
      Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as
       she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard
       Sutton
      'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017
       with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus
      Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in
       2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed
       party
      Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender
       frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her
       hand at paddle boarding in Barbados
      'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at
       Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some
       asking if she's had a bit too much to drink
      Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting
       ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while
       vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday
      'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood
       gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney
       Harbour
      'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better
       vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on
       her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo'
      Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake
       Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch
      We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith
       Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen
       greats
      Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus
       at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy
       ensembles
      'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau
       Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square
      It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga
       tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far
      New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she
       cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun
      What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian
       and daughter after dramatic split
      'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an
       eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after
       heartbreaking miscarriage
      'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve
       Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was
       rocky
      William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy
       on the hit 70s TV show MASH, dies of cancer at age 84
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies
       as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store
       has launched a sale.
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince
       Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find
       the Prince
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with
       divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her
       romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel
      SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at
       wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the
       show with troubled sister Roxy
      New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived!
       Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's
       victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba
      'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from
       California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm
       business
      'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as
       they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife
       Elsa Pataky
      Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in
       white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016'
      The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa
       Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out
       Of Here!'
      Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational
       beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St
       Barts with her boyfriend
      Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake
       of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek
       Mill
      Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped
       swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham
       Clempson
      Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black
       bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA

   iPhone App Promo
   MS

L'ÉTÉ MS

   Redonnez du peps à votre style!
   Voir maintentant.
   more


GADGET REVIEWS

   Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses
   Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently
   let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential
   to finally bring VR to the masses.
      7 comments
      2 videos


   Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker
   Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and
   loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential
      19 comments
      2 videos


   'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone
   Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart
   assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great.
      1 video


   Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine
   Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40, and is
   stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with
   some caveats.
      comments
      1 video


   The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so
   Qb review
   Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where
   the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something
   in the background.
      comments
      1 video


   The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life
   Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your
   home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out
   there - at a price.
      comments
      1 video


   Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere
   Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a
   tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is
   something you'll be able to carry everywhere.
      comments
      1 video


   A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone:
   Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE
   The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had
   a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone.
      36 comments
      3 videos


   Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: BW Zeppelin Wireless review
   It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for
   the design conscious music fan.
      comments


   The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro
   The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to
   combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't
   break your back to carry.
      193 comments
      2 videos


   'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV
   Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does
   have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and
   other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart.
      77 comments
      4 videos


   The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub
   It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of
   our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive..
      comments
      1 video


   The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so
   review
   It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a
   legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American
   launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker.
      3 comments
      1 video

   Michael Hanlon

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

Next story

   We are proof Dry January really IS worth doing: 5 drinkers who gave up
   alcohol for a month reveal their astonishing results
      272 comments
      1 video

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
<file=54>
   alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online News RSS
   feed Latest News Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
      Home
          News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

      Latest Headlines
      News
      World News
      Arts
      Headlines
      France
      Pictures
      Most read
      News Board
      Wires

      My Profile
      Logout

      Login

   DailyMail
   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share
   show ad

Magpies will try to peck your eyes out and NOBODY drinks Foster's: British
woman reveals the 20 most surprising things she's learned living in Australia

      Pom living in Australia lists 20 best things she has discovered
       Down Under
      Birds make up three of the discoveries, with swooping magpies on
       the list
      After two years in Australia, she never saw anyone drink Fosters
       beer
      She also learns a Golden Gaytime is an ice cream, not a bizarre
       sexual act

   By Stephen Johnson For Daily Mail Australia

   Published: 23:26 GMT, 6 November 2016 | Updated: 09:39 GMT, 10 November
   2016

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     

   2.3k shares

   651

   View
   comments

   From living with the constant threat of magpie attacks to describing
   redheads as 'rangas' - a British expat has provided an insight into
   Australia's peculiar traits.

   The behaviour of a certain black and white bird during nesting season
   had a place on her popular Reddit post, along with
   controversially-named Coon cheese, fairy bread, eating a sausage
   outside a hardware store and never drinking Foster's beer.

   'Australian magpies swoop and try to peck out your eyes,' she said.

   Scroll down for video
   A British woman living in Australia learnt a thing or two about how a
   swooping magpie (pictured) will try to peck out your eyes during the
   nesting season A British woman living in Australia learnt a thing or
   two about how a swooping magpie (pictured) will try to peck out your
   eyes during the nesting season

   A British woman living in Australia learnt a thing or two about how a
   swooping magpie (pictured) will try to peck out your eyes during the
   nesting season
   She wrote Australians don't appear to think it strange how a popular
   ice cream, known as the Golden Gaytime (pictured), doesn't sound like a
   sexual act She wrote Australians don't appear to think it strange how a
   popular ice cream, known as the Golden Gaytime (pictured), doesn't
   sound like a sexual act

   She wrote Australians don't appear to think it strange how a popular
   ice cream, known as the Golden Gaytime (pictured), doesn't sound like a
   sexual act
   No matter how popular it may be in the UK, Australians don't drink
   Foster's beer No matter how popular it may be in the UK, Australians
   don't drink Foster's beer

   No matter how popular it may be in the UK, Australians don't drink
   Foster's beer

   Speaking of being annoyed, blogger 'Thirstyfortea' was amused at how
   Australians say it 'gives them the ss'.

   'Every time I take it literally and laugh,' she said.

   Australia's taste in ice cream was another laughing matter, with the
   British woman discovering a Golden Gaytime is actually a toffee,
   cookie-coated treat and not a sexual act.

AUSTRALIA'S PECULIAR TRAITS, AS SEEN BY A POM

   1. A Nigel has no friends in Australia while a Billy in UK is someone
   with no mates

   2. When Australians are annoyed, something 'gives them the ss'

    3. A Golden Gaytime is a popular ice cream, and no one thinks it
   strange it sounds like a sex act

   4. A grass trimmer is a 'whipper snipper' not a garden strimmer as the
   English say

   5. Fairy bread, with hundreds and thousands on white bread, is so
   strange and also a national treasure.

   6. Second lowest fire rating is high and Sydneysiders go 'meh,
   bushfires'

   7. Brush turkeys are wild and roam around

   8. Magpies swoop and try to peck out your eyes

   9. Cockatoos are like UK pigeons except they're massive and sound
   terrifying like dinosaurs when they fly over.

   10. A sausage sizzle is basically a £1 BBQ outside every B and Q
   (hardware store). Amazing

   11. Australia lost a prime minister Harold Holt who went for an ocean
   swim, disappeared and then they named an aquatic centre after him.
   Cruel

   12. 'Ranga' is a ginger. 'Pom' is a Brit. Neither is offensive

   13. Australians say 'heaps' in every single context. I'm heaps tired

   14. Everything is abbreviated. Someone told me they shorten words
   because there's so much dust

   15. Australians think it's weird how Brits have pancakes for dinner

   16. The 'bush' is anything rural while 'bush' becomes 'outback' at some
   indeterminate inland point

   17. British greetings don't go down well. 'Alright?' is more an
   expression of concern, getting looks of confusion

   18.  Every now and then you go out and get smacked in the face by the
   kind of heat usually only felt when opening an oven

   19.  Australians use terms that would be obscenely offensive in the UK.
   The term 'Wog' is thrown about, and 'Coon cheese' is a thing

   20.  I've never seen anyone drink Foster's. Ever

   Source: Reddit

   'Everyone loves Golden Gaytime ice cream and no one thinks it strange,'
   she said.

   Drinking Fosters beer, however, would be considered strange in
   Australia, despite the beverage being a common sight in British pubs.

   'I've never seen anyone drink Foster's. Ever,' she said.

   Australians would also never call a grass cutter a garden strimmer, as
   the English say.

   It's a whipper snipper.
   A sausage sizzle in Australia is grabbing some barbecued meat outside a
   hardware store  A sausage sizzle in Australia is grabbing some
   barbecued meat outside a hardware store

   A sausage sizzle in Australia is grabbing some barbecued meat outside a
   hardware store
   Nobody in Australia drinks Foster's beer, the British expat found. They
   are much more likely to be downing VB, like these sunbathers at
   Sydney's Coogee Beach Nobody in Australia drinks Foster's beer, the
   British expat found. They are much more likely to be downing VB, like
   these sunbathers at Sydney's Coogee Beach

   Nobody in Australia drinks Foster's beer, the British expat found. They
   are much more likely to be downing VB, like these sunbathers at
   Sydney's Coogee Beach

   Australians also love having barbecued sausages outside hardware
   stores, she said, referencing a common British chain.

   'Sausage sizzle is basically a £1 BBQ outside every B and Q. Amazing,'
   she said.

   White bread with margarine and hundreds and thousands, known as 'fairy
   bread' is a national treasure.

   'So strange,' she said.

   A particular cheese, which sounds like a derogatory term for a black
   person,  doesn't seem to have racist connotations.

   'Australians use terms that would be obscenely expensive in the UK,'
   she said.

   'The term ''wog'' is thrown about and ''Coon cheese'' is a thing.'

RELATED ARTICLES

      Previous
      1
      Next

      [3A20364E00000578-0-image-m-121478467650642.jpg] The property boom
       is not over thanks to 60,000 Chinese...
       [3A1C15A900000578-0-image-a-71478425958079.jpg] 'It's absolute
       bulls': Mother posts Facebook rant after...
       [3A1E604C00000578-0-image-a-751478445797095.jpg] New $250million
       Sydney fish market to be built to reel in...
       [3A1AE9B700000578-0-image-m-341478408891238.jpg] Fire danger in
       NSW increases to 'very high' ahead of soaring...

Share this article

   Share
   2.3k shares

   On the subject of being unpopular, a Billy has no mates in England and
   a Nigel has no friends in Australia, she discovered.

   Red heads in Australia are known as 'rangas' while a Brit is a 'Pom'.

   'Neither is offensive,' she said.

   Birds made up three observations on the Reddit list, with roaming wild
   brush turkeys a surprise and native cockatoos likened to annoying
   pigeons in the United Kingdom.

   'Except they're massive and sound like terrifying dinosaurs when a
   flock fly over,' she said.
   Coon is a popular cheese in Australia, despite some derogatory and
   racist connotations  Coon is a popular cheese in Australia, despite
   some derogatory and racist connotations

   Coon is a popular cheese in Australia, despite some derogatory and
   racist connotations
   White bread with margarine, topped with hundreds and thousands is known
   as 'fairy bread' (pictured) which the British woman found strange White
   bread with margarine, topped with hundreds and thousands is known as
   'fairy bread' (pictured) which the British woman found strange

   White bread with margarine, topped with hundreds and thousands is known
   as 'fairy bread' (pictured) which the British woman found strange
   A British expat in Australia was taken aback by fire warnings signs
   listing 'high' as the second lowest alert level A British expat in
   Australia was taken aback by fire warnings signs listing 'high' as the
   second lowest alert level

   A British expat in Australia was taken aback by fire warnings signs
   listing 'high' as the second lowest alert level

   With summer approaching, bushfire season and the high temperatures were
   intriguing to the British woman.

   'There are fire danger signs at the side of the road and the second
   lowest fire rating is high,' she said.

   'Sometimes Sydney is so smokey, and everyone's like "meh, bushfires"
   without a care.

   'Every now and then you go out and get smacked in the face by the kind
   of heat usually only felt when opening an oven.'

   The naming of a swimming pool in Melbourne after Harold Holt, the prime
   minister who drowned in 1967, was something the UK expat found 'cruel'.
   A bushfire raging at Swan Bay near Port Stephens, north of Sydney, at
   the weekend A bushfire raging at Swan Bay near Port Stephens, north of
   Sydney, at the weekend

   A bushfire raging at Swan Bay near Port Stephens, north of Sydney, at
   the weekend
   A petrol-powered grass cutter in Australia is known as a whipper
   snipper, not a garden strimmer as the English call it A petrol-powered
   grass cutter in Australia is known as a whipper snipper, not a garden
   strimmer as the English call it

   A petrol-powered grass cutter in Australia is known as a whipper
   snipper, not a garden strimmer as the English call it
   Redheads like former Home and Away actress Isla Fisher (pictured) are
   referred to as 'rangas' Redheads like former Home and Away actress Isla
   Fisher (pictured) are referred to as 'rangas'

   Redheads like former Home and Away actress Isla Fisher (pictured) are
   referred to as 'rangas'
   Native cockatoos (pictured) are likened to UK pigeons except 'they're
   massive and sound like terrifying dinosaurs when a flock fly over'
   Native cockatoos (pictured) are likened to UK pigeons except 'they're
   massive and sound like terrifying dinosaurs when a flock fly over'

   Native cockatoos (pictured) are likened to UK pigeons except 'they're
   massive and sound like terrifying dinosaurs when a flock fly over'
   Australian prime minister Harold Holt (pictured) shortly before he
   drowned in 1967 at Victoria's Cheviot Beach. The Harold Holt Memorial
   Swimming Centre in Melbourne was named in his honour after the area's
   former local member. The UK expat found this strange Australian prime
   minister Harold Holt (pictured) shortly before he drowned in 1967 at
   Victoria's Cheviot Beach. The Harold Holt Memorial Swimming Centre in
   Melbourne was named in his honour after the area's former local member.
   The UK expat found this strange

   Australian prime minister Harold Holt (pictured) shortly before he
   drowned in 1967 at Victoria's Cheviot Beach. The Harold Holt Memorial
   Swimming Centre in Melbourne was named in his honour after the area's
   former local member. The UK expat found this strange
   The British woman was intrigued at how wild brush turkeys (like the one
   pictured) roam around The British woman was intrigued at how wild brush
   turkeys (like the one pictured) roam around

   The British woman was intrigued at how wild brush turkeys (like the one
   pictured) roam around
   A rural location is described as the 'bush' while a more remote area
   inland, like this spot in Australia South (pictured) would be referred
   to as the 'outback' A rural location is described as the 'bush' while a
   more remote area inland, like this spot in Australia South (pictured)
   would be referred to as the 'outback'

   A rural location is described as the 'bush' while a more remote area
   inland, like this spot in Australia South (pictured) would be referred
   to as the 'outback'

   Read more:
      Pom in Aus - 20 of the best things I've discovered living in
       Australia for 2 years. : sydney

Share or comment on this article

     
     
     
     
      e-mail
     
      2.3k
       shares

Most watched News videos

      Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage
      Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral
      Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space
      Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner
      Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife
      Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence
      Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police
      Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff
      Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway
      Bottles fly during terrifying NYE fight at Manchester restaurant
      Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique
      Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective

   [INS: :INS]
      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH...
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into...
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna:...
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died...
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn...
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes...
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne...
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to...
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven...

MOST READ NEWS

   Previous
   Next
      ●
      ●
      ●

More top stories

   Bing

   () Site () Web Enter search term:  (Submit)
   Search

      Like DailyMail
      Follow MailOnline
      Follow DailyMail
      1 DailyMail



DON'T MISS

      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes twins Vivienne and Knox and
       daughter Shiloh for ice cream during ski trip... as she jets away
       from divorce drama
      'I could fit a whole head in one cup': Scarlett Moffatt praises
       regime for shrinking her J cup bust by 7in... as she hits back at
       weight trolls Lost 3st 4lb in total
      Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red
       carpet argument' at her Lion premiere just days before dancing up a
       storm on stage on NYE
      'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is
       unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through'
       her roles
      Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she
       flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning
      'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating MS ready meals!' We
       challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER!
       SPONSORED
      Undercover lovers: Leonardo DiCaprio shades his face with a towel
       as he enjoys getaway with girlfriend Nina Agdal in Mexico Come over
       all shy?
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! CHRISTOPHER
       STEVENS is gripped
      Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on
       sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT
       Robin Thicke snap
      Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering
       new wife Ronnie Mitchell has drowned on their wedding day
      What a carry on! Hilary Duff gives son Luca a piggyback as she
       flaunts toned body in denim bikini top and hotpants Only way to
       travel!
     
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional
       cycling Hope he's insured
      Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in
       the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely
       stunning
      'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for
       pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as
       she vows to regain her 'big butt'
      Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer dons stylish black bikini for
       beach time with fellow musician boyfriend Jack Gilinsky New Year to
       remember
      Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts
       barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered
       make-up snap
      Stassi Schroeder goes skinny dipping with gal pals before being
       caught in spotlight on Vanderpump Rules Knows how to make a splash
      Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping
       assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai
       break
      'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie
       stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby -
       as she poses with daughter Polly, five
      'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a
       nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau
       Ryan in the Maldives
      Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year
       gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead
       National Television nods
     
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids
       during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of
       Brad Pitt split
      Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts
       while hitting beach in Miami with family Life's a beach
      'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces
       15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Head over heels
      Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear
       view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend
      Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers mock Martin Freeman for
       pretending to update static picture of his blog in epic blunder in
       record New Year's Day show
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print
       bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the
       beach in Miami
      Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up
       sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on
       Miami beach
      Easy riders! Steven Tyler and his rumoured fiancée Aimee Ann
       Preston drive motorbikes in Hawaii He is 40 years older than his
       rumoured fiancée
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko
       displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on
       Miami beach
      Grin and bear it! Paris Jackson livestreams brother Prince getting
       a massive tattoo... before getting some new ink of her own What are
       you inking!
     
      Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana
       dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square
       meltdown
      EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets
       about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned
      Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen
       as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015
      'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated
       with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her
       Instagram snap
      Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome
       Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a
       place you'd want to stay
      Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she
       pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in
       particularly high spirits
      Here comes trouble! Rihanna plays coy as she wears casual jet-set
       look at JFK... as ex Drake and JLo spend NYE together in Vegas
       Moving on
      Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at
       inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting
       against racism
      'I missed you': Bindi Irwin's heart swells as she is reunited with
       boyfriend Chandler Powell after couple spend three weeks apart
      Watch out Beckham! Doutzen Kroes displays sweet soccer skills in
       tiny white shorts with family in Miami She's not only a whizz on
       the runway
      'It's back!': Will And Grace star Leslie Jordan confirms new season
       of hit sitcom will hit screens this year Was a huge hit the in
       1990s
      Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea
       Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff
      The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle:
       Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like
       she's on her way to an awards
      'It was a kick in the bs': Sir Tom Jones slams the BBC again
       for his sudden drop from The Voice... as he poses alongside new
       judges for ITV reboot
      'I was 16ish': Kim Zolciak is barely recognizable in throwback
       photo from her teenage years Determined to stay young forever
     
      Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve
       stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a
       picture-perfect couple
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing
       herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives
       getaway
      Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned
       top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along
       as she stepped out
      Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink
       bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance
       partner Daisy Lowe
      The holidays are over! Harrison Ford arrives back in LA with wife
       Calista Flockhart after winter break Star Wars cast reeling from
       Carrie's death
      'Making her laugh was always a badge of honor': Mark Hamill pens
       heartfelt goodbye letter to Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher He's
       best memories
      Glad to be home? Nicole Richie and Joel Madden look downcast after
       holiday getaway as they jet into LA with their kids Family affair
      New mum Behati Prinsloo shows off her slender figure in a tank top
       and cut-off shorts while on holiday in Mexico Looked sensational
      Goodbye paradise! Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in striped maxi
       dress as she leaves Hawaii with her family Home sweet home
      There's something about broccoli! Cameron Diaz shops for organic
       veggies during grocery run in Los Angeles Green and lean
      'You come here you get a cap in your a': Real Housewives star
       Kenya Moore points gun at home intruders She's not taking any
       chances
      Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable
       curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the
       Maldives Lucky woman
      Desert rose: Amy Adams stuns in floral gown at Palm Springs
       International Film Festival Kickstarting red carpet season
      Nicole Kidman is girly glam as she sports dress covered in playful
       illustrations at Palm Springs International Film Festival Stunnning
      Lady in blue-gray! Kirsten Dunst shows off cleavage in full-length
       gown with front slit at Palms Springs International Film Festival
      'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte
       Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy
       and split from Gaz Beadle
      Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big
       Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame
       Bianca Gascoigne
      The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA
       with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret
       ceremony in Australia
      Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out
       with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand
       Proposed last week
      All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage
       inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls'
       break
      Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie
       Edmondson announces her engagement  She is marry Sam Francis, also
       29
      Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the
       imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in
       Manchester
      Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their
       hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return
       for all star series
      Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini
       as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian
       bombshell
      Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her
       brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram
       photo
      Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up
       to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after
       secretly tying the knot
      Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal
       in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote
      'Facing my fears for the new year:' Leighton Meester beats her
       phobia of popping champagne in Instagram video Cheers to that!
      Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as
       she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic
       black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter
       Alaia-Mai
      'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious':
       Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to
       give up alcohol
      Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with
       boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter
       while in a black jumpsuit
      MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack
       on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes
       firmly behind them
      'The worst thing was not knowing if he'd come home': Emma Willis
       recalls chilling fears over husband Matt's addictions... as she
       reveals plans to renew wedding vows
      'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her
       hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the
       Seychelles
      Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son
       suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now
       battling depression
      New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes
       manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans
      Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother
       Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old
       actress posted a picture
      Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty
       print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican
       holiday Positively heaven sent
      Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate
       ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the
       duo's exit
      Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys
       romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts
       Festive family trip
      Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends
       the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien
       Richardson
      Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family
       selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and
       Harley
      Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini
       as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big
       Brother debut
      Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with
       husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no
       problems showing it off
      Reynolds Reynolds 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony
       Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE
       REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood
      Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a
       red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai
      Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in
       mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Looked like a
       perfect 10
      Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit
       as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out
       in Manchester
      She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her
       trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named
       brand ambassador
      Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear
       selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles
       behind her
      Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their
       parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw
       his grandad's grave
      Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller
       tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM
       Grand casino
      Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses
       make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts
       this week
      Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on
       her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken
       show The Jump
      Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in
       2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child
      Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely
       tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in
       Studio City
      'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned
       down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he
       wasn't British
      Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach
       day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados
       Firm friendship
      Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby
       Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver
      Mariah Carey New Years Mariah Carey New Years Dick Clark
       Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as
       'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed
       on faulty earpiece
      'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel'
       bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in
       newly resurfaced essay
      Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she
       tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's
       up
      New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key
       Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of
       Manhattan
      Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad
       as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter
       wonderland
      Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father
       Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million
       dollar court case
      Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey
       show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the
       Maldives
      'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda
       Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen
       husband Martin Freeman
      Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in
       Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from
       the octagon
      Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon
       dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton
      Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual
       stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first
       Christmas alone
      Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami...
       weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage
       lasted a year
      'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini
       as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths
      Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a
       mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with
       shirtless beau James
      Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New
       Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to
       'in-laws'
      In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with
       sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a
       turquoise swimsuit
      'Guess you fd my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping
       with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares
       for due date
      That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze
       Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up
       display in Manchester
      Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling
       bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk
       on the wild side
      Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks
       around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous
       mother's hand
      CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid
       The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one
       star
      'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman
       standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The
       44-year-old actor is picky about his projects
      Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic
       beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados
      She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the
       guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents
      Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy
       purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie
      Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour
       trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him
       hospitalised
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had
       tried to kill himself many times
      Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra
       Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas
      Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New
       Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over
       her derrière
      Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts
       her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new
       fiancé Paul Khoury
      Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a
       plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini
       babe
      'Get your happy aes home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle
       Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara
       Falls
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star
       'upset'
      'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a
       bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian
       beach
      Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity
       photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she
       met Prince Harry
      'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her
       phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from
       Hawaii
      'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her
       bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about
       ditching leaking lifts
      Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is
       pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's
       Eve party
      Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling
       cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives
       getaway
      Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show
       after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new
       show
      Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling
       skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in
       Gambia
      Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on
       EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised
       acting
      Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless
       beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the
       life
      'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances
       around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December
      Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up
       the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig
       at London's G-A-Y
      'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party
       horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods
      'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi
       Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat
      Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the
       formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017
      'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her
       famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model
       body
      Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's
       second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end
       top three
      Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from
       boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills!
      'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for
       New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot
      'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as
       they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch
      They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie
       Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting
       in 2015
      'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying
       nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by
       drug use
      If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins
       the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at
       Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion
      Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the
       Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary
       truck
      'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with
       husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau
      Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive
       physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked
       good, always
      '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing
       bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017
      Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as
       awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan
      Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she
       poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy
       shoot
      'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss
       on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12,
       2016
      'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast
       exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused
       of being shy
      Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed
       bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip
       She looked incredible
      Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as
       girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New
       Year's Day
      Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey
       Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's
       Eve in Hollywood
      Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau
       Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her
       support
      Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night
       in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood
      'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt
       says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she
       admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked
      Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days
       before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis
      Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely
       Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six
       months of sobriety
      Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son
       Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has
       taken his first steps
      Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her
       famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious
       London spa
      Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter
       after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star
       has threatened legal action
      'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda
       Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with
       now ex Martin Freeman
      James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique
       in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive
       family jaunt
      Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam
       account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him!
      Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen
       starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in
       2008
      A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with
       son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet
       display
      'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes
       thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she
       turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami
      'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit
       selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new
       year Looked smoking hot
      MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED
       in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip
       Ex On The Beach star
      Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in
       barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break
       Still absolutely stunning
       'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy
       reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years
       sober
      'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she
       'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as
       probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on
      Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm
       rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival
       in UK
      'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his
       family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars
       ring in 2017
      'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover
       selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic
       passing Looked worse for wear
      'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan':
       Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry
       after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother
      Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing
       their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after
       snubbing recent band reunion
      Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath
       slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to
       ring in 2017
      'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and
       STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a
       holiday too. Can't I just have one?'
      Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful
       break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some
       painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior
      Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying
       hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably
       disgusted
      She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj
       for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts
       to last night drinking for a year
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in
       powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel
       Baldwin in Barbados
      Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in
       intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade
       ball Fancy dress
      This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy
       striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy
       sunbathing session
      Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve
       run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation
      Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's
       bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub
      Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his
       shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show
       in Buenos Aires
      Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample
       cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the
       Maldives
      Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy
       high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting
       the beach
      'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in
       revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the
       benefit of Scottie?
      Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton
       Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body
       in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad
       selfie from a beach
      Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks
       radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to
       the sky in Barbados
      Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying
       sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless
       selfie in The Seychelles
      Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she
       sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent
      Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends
       broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe
       Ferry Daring look
      Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms'
       pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram
       selfie
      'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend':
       Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party
       flirtations almost caused relationship split
      'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time...
       as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put
       paid to speculation
      The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes,
       Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on
       holiday in Brazil
      Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy
       halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two
       stone weight loss
      Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini
       display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view
      'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with
       son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together
       with family ski trip after strained 2016
      Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink
       printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure
      'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment
       she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at
       New Year's Eve bash
      Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside
       performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in
       styke
      '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as
       they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes
      Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad
       The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage.
      Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy
       bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy
      Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven
       months pregnant
      Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before
       flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the
       sun-soaked Maldives
      Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping
       for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on
       topping up her tan
      Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with
       surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a
       hangover
      A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed
       in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik
       for annual banquet
      She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky'
       to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly
       after five years
      Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless
       bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in
       The Seychelles
      SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa
       Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband
       possibly inside
      'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts
       silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out
      'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses
       with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab
      Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys
       family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski
       slopes with Heidi Klum
      Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins
       bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths
       break
      Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of
       The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in
       the 2005 movie
      'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen
       in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea
       Handler
      Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she
       rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell
       celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott
      Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St
       Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess
      The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she
       gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her
       debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149
      Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they
       celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement
       ring back on
      Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace
       mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve
      'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive
       New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué
      Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED
       while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she
       flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali
      I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram
       picture on New Year's Day  First child
      Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings
       in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after
       sparking engagement rumours
      Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK
       wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October'
      Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan
       Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up
      Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival
       Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine
      That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New
       Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's
       Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish
      Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she
       heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate
      Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned
       midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs
      'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in
       the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried
       about germs?
      The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful
       misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth
      Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making
       anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz
       before the show's debut
      Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead
       of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations
      She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating
       New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable
      'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social
       media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown
       on Times Square stage
      Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant'
       girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle
       down, ladies!
      Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't
       wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more
       'real' on screen
      '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy
       Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts
       Photogenic couple
      Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a
       New Year's Eve kiss How can that be?
      'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and
       panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star
       posed in her bathroom mirror
      Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit
       as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer
       Lopez at the last minute
      'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka
       Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and
       Hanukkah with her husband and children
      'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black
       eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with
       a shiner
      'I've got so much sht on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at
       Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a
       controversial message
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is
       drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to
       instil a work ethic
      A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A
       look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they
       prepare for 2017
      'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single
       woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year
       as a single woman
      SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan
       as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time
       since he left her to fight alone in court
      'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian
       rainforests with her loved ones
      Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as
       she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard
       Sutton
      'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017
       with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus
      Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in
       2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed
       party
      Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender
       frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her
       hand at paddle boarding in Barbados
      'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at
       Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some
       asking if she's had a bit too much to drink
      Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting
       ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while
       vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday
      'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood
       gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney
       Harbour
      'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better
       vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on
       her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo'
      Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake
       Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch
      We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith
       Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen
       greats
      Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus
       at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy
       ensembles
      'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau
       Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square
      It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga
       tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far
      New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she
       cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun
      What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian
       and daughter after dramatic split
      'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an
       eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after
       heartbreaking miscarriage
      'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve
       Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was
       rocky
      William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy
       on the hit 70s TV show MASH, dies of cancer at age 84
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies
       as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store
       has launched a sale.
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince
       Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find
       the Prince
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with
       divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband
      GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her
       romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel
      SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at
       wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the
       show with troubled sister Roxy
      New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived!
       Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's
       victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba
      'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from
       California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm
       business
      'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as
       they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife
       Elsa Pataky
      Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in
       white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016'
      The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa
       Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out
       Of Here!'
      Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational
       beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St
       Barts with her boyfriend
      Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake
       of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek
       Mill
      Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped
       swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham
       Clempson
      Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black
       bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA

   [?cachebuster=[CACHEBUSTER]]


MORE DON'T MISS

      The bare cheek of her! Millie Mackintosh shares completely NAKED
       Instagram during sun-soaked break to South Africa after she denies
       boob job
      Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa reflects on her 'crazy year' of
       'highs and lows' on Instagram after split with husband Tarek
      'Are bones in fashion?': Scarlett Moffatt receives cruel jibes from
       online trolls unimpressed by her drastic body transformation
      Delicious irony: Emilia Fox on her new TV role as a caddish chef's
       lover (where DID she find the inspiration, Marco?)
      Russell Crowe's estranged wife Danielle Spencer, 47, looks youthful
       and fit as she steps out in gym clothes before New Year's Eve party
       in Sydney
      A picture is worth a thousand words! Shane Warne has a family photo
       of himself and ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley together with all of
       their children on his BATHROOM wall
      Keeping Up With Jonathan Cheban! Kim Kardashian's pal hangs in
       Miami with Ansel Elgort and Rob 'The Gronk' Gronkowski Going out
       yachting
      Better the devil you know! Pop group Steps 'will release a new
       album in 2017... as they perform New Year's Eve reunion show at
       London's G-A-Y club'
      Tamara Ecclestone rocks festive onesie for elaborate Frozen-themed
       NYE with sister Petra Stunt and sweet daughter Sophia, 2, in Gstaad
      Always a supermodel! Alessandra Ambrosio sizzles in sexy black swim
       suit as she poses by a pool for a pal Was in Santa Catarina in her
       native Brazil
      'I will fing shoot and ask questions later!': RHOA star Kenya
       Moore pulls a gun on three trespassers at her Atlanta mansion
      'I've shed my last tear of 2016': Rebecca Adlington tells this year
       to 'do one' on Twitter... after splitting from husband Harry Needs
      'He loves to cuddle mummy!': Katie Price shares cute photo of son
       Harvey asleep on her before filming him singing dance classic I
       Love You Baby
      Happy New Year from Kylie Jenner! Reality star poses with bestie
       Jordyn Woods in Hello Kitty Snapchat filter They closed out 2016 in
       a casual fashion
      Jorgie Porter looks casually chic in fluffy jacket and leather
       leggings as she heads out after another winning performance in
       panto Snow White
      He's a ladies' man! Scott Eastwood enjoys a Sydney Harbour cruise
       with a group of VERY glamorous women including The Bachelor's Lisa
       Hyde
      She's a perfect 10! Maria Menounos shows off her beautiful bikini
       body on romantic beach break in Mexico with fiancé Keven Undergaro
      'We've made something very complete': Benedict Cumberbatch hints
       new Sherlock series may be the last after revealing it will be
       'hard to follow'
      Ready for wedding! RHONY's Luann De Lesseps, 51, is lovely in white
       during rehearsal dinner night before Palm Beach nuptials to Tom
       D'Agostino
      Just the girls! Makeup-free Lea Michele rocks leggings and
       sweatshirt as she spends quality time with mom Edith Sarfati
      'Seychelles!' Ashley Graham shows off her perfect waist in a bikini
       as she enjoys the island life with husband Justin Ervin
      'You just got knocked the f out': Justin Bieber slams old foe
       Ronda Rousey after she got beaten up by Amanda Nunez in UFC fight
      Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray promises to tell late pop
       singer's three children 'the truth' about their parentage
      It's almost 2017! Hailee Steinfeld dons plunging mini dress with
       fishnet nylons ahead of performance for Dick Clark's New Year's
       Rockin' Eve
      Not so mellow yellow! Tallia Storm flaunts her incredibly toned
       stomach in sizzling skimpy bikini as she rings in the New Year in
       Barbados
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her enviably peachy derriere in a sheer
       glittering skirt as she parties in Dubai Tumultuous year saw her
       split with Dan Edgar
      The truth about Bobby and me: A new drama starring Michelle Keegan
       takes us inside the doomed marriage of Bobby and Tina Moore -
       football's first golden couple
      Ryan Phillippe credits ex wife Reese Witherspoon for their daughter
       Ava's Instagram fame but says their girl is 'incredibly talented'
      Scarlett Moffatt displays her taut stomach in skimpy red crop top
       as she shares candid behind-the-scenes selfie following her
       dramatic three stone weight loss
      Blue beauty! Chloe Goodman shows off her buxom figure in plunging
       pastel swimwear as she hits the beach on Mexican winter break
       Certainly looks at home by the sea
      Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson shows off her incredible
       figure in a hot pink bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai  Soon to
       be on Ex On The Beach
      Shirtless George Lineker displays his sculpted physique on the
       beach in Barbados  The 24-year-old son of England footballer Gary
      Out with a splash! Brooklyn Beckham shows off his dance moves on
       Instagram before celebrating New Year with Gordon Ramsay's son Jack
       Aspiring photographer
      Miranda Kerr's mother Therese shares beautiful snaps of son's
       same-sex wedding to longtime partner James Wright
      Winter wonderland! Kelly Ripa bundles up in beanie and mittens for
       hike in snowy Colorado She celebrated her 20th wedding anniversary
       in May
      'The most magical day of my life': Orange Is The New Black's Samira
       Wiley reveals her romantic proposal from Lauren Morelli
      With her amor! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts toned bikini body as
       she splashes around with boyfriend Dennis Shields in Mexico
       Lounging beach-side in Mexico on Friday
      SPOILER ALERT: Devastating new Coronation Street story line sees
       Michelle Connor lose her baby at 23 weeks... after actress Kym
       Marsh endured the same tragedy in 2009
      Filthy jokes, cosy lunches, outrageous gossip - the secrets of
       Diana's VERY flirty friendship with George Michael They held true
       superstar status
      Future trendsetter! Kaia Gerber rocks jean skirt and black bikini
       during family vacation with her mother Cindy Crawford in St. Barts
       The 15-year-old and her family were in St. Barts
      'She said yes': Love Island couple Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen
       announce their engagement... after he proposes with diamond
       encrusted ring
      'You pompous white btch!': Azealia Banks launches a foul-mouthed
       racist tirade against Sia after the pop star criticized the
       self-proclaimed witch for sacrificing chickens
      New Year, new bikini! Ashley James hits the beach in a skimpy
       two-piece while Zara Holland and Vogue Williams soak up the sun as
       they lead the stars celebrating New Year
      Is Katie Price returning to Celebrity Big Brother? New teaser clip
       shows busty housemate discussing their marriage woes She was
       crowned winner of the 2015 series
      Lowe and behold! Daisy flaunts her hourglass curves in a lacy black
       bra and hotpants in sultry selfie Looking back at 2016 favourably
      That's awkward! The Bachelor BFFs Noni Janur and Kirralee 'Kiki'
       Morris wear the SAME sequin playsuit as they celebrate New Year's
       Eve
      Daring to bare! Lauryn Goodman flashes the flesh in sheer plunging
       ensemble as she glams up for jewellery shopping trip  Cut an
       eye-catching figure in Mykonos
      Debbie Reynolds 24-hour movie marathon will air on TCM in January
       with such hits as Singin' In The Rain and The Unsinkable Molly
       Brown
      Tamara Ecclestone covers herself in gold glitter as she goes
       topless in sultry shoot to ring in the New Year  She's always the
       life and soul of the party
      'Crashed the boys' day': Chloe Madeley sports tweed outfit and a
       feather in her cap as she joins beau James for pheasant shoot
       Shared a snap of her holding a shotgun
      The X Factor's Honey G suffers major setback as her debut single
       limps into the midweek chart at 149 The track has struggled to make
       an impact
      Shia LaBeouf and partner Mia Goth shun Hollywood glamour as they
       step out in low key baggy ensembles
      Caroline Wozniacki, Emmy Rossum, and Rachel Hunter among the first
       celebrities to ring in the new year as they welcome 2017 from New
       Zealand
      Nancy Shevell, 57, showcases her toned pins in stylish navy
       two-piece as she enjoys late night dip with husband Paul McCartney,
       74, in St Barts
      Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell, 57, shows off her sensational
       bikini body as she frolics on the beach in St Barts
      The look of love! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber share a very
       public kiss as they vacation in St. Barts The couple were seen
       gazing lovingly into each other's eyes
      Charlotte Dawson sparks engagement rumours as she flashes giant
       diamond on passionate date with Matt Sarsfield...  after calling
       him 'The One' Dated for a month
      The torment of my darling Carrie: Hollywood legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS
       died just hours after her daughter. Here, is a poignant extract
       from her autobiography
      I'll have what she's having! Sports Illustrated stunner Hailey
       Clauson strips down to her lingerie as she saucily recreates When
       Harry Met Sally for LOVE's Video Advent
      Jennifer Lopez, 47, 'is having fun' with Drake, 30, as it's claimed
       their relationship isn't serious... after they share steamy kiss at
       Vegas bash
      Pantomime starring Scotty T cancelled MINUTES before it was due to
       start... after the reality star walked out amid claims he was
       underpaid
      Holding on tight! Ashley Olsen, 30, gets bear hug from beau Richard
       Sachs, 58, as they party in St. Barts The former Full House star
       was dressed in a plunging black dress
      Bringing up the rear! Sizzling Sara Sampaio shows off her pert
       posterior and svelte figure in bright bikini on Mexican holiday
       Showing off her stunning frame
      Newlywed life! Margot Robbie returns to social media since tying
       the knot with beau Tom Ackerley as she shares a holiday snap while
       enjoying a game of football with friends
      'And people say we have no talent...': Kourtney Kardashian shares
       clip of mum Kris belting out karaoke classics on their Aspen
       holiday
      Plaid you came! Model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid cut stylish
       figures in figure-hugging ensembles in Aspen  The model sisters
       were sure to display their enviable sartorial ways
      Rosamund Pike beams as her son Solo, four, chats to a fireman after
       they were 'evacuated' for 30 minutes following incident near their
       London home
      'First kiss from auntie KiKi!' Kim Kardashian cradles her BFF Joyce
       Bonelli's newborn twins She's said she would love a large family
      'You look 25 again': X Factor winner Sam Bailey, 39, appears
       'younger everyday' as she posts a string of REMARKABLY flawless
       selfies
      Turning the other cheek! Lady Victoria Hervey flaunts her
       stunningly svelte frame in a bold lime green swimsuit Stepping out
       in Bridgetown, Barbados
      'Tough job!': Kim Kardashian has body makeup applied in some VERY
       intimate places in behind the scenes snap from VMAs Make up
       artist's secrets
      Jennifer Lopez grinds on new beau Drake before the two share a
       kiss... while their duet plays in the background Kissing, grinding
       and dancing the night away
      'I get to love him forever!' Bachelor vet Selma Alameri marries
       Patrick Daniels in intimate city hall ceremony after six month
       engagement
      New year, new Sherlock: Benedict Cumberbatch on marriage, children
       - and why we'll see a very different side to the supersleuth in the
       new series
      My haven, Rick Astley: The singer and songwriter, 50, in the
       recording studio at his home in Surrey Rick Astley shows us around
       his recording studio
      Making waves! Alessandra Ambrosio drops jaws in tiny yellow bikini
       The 35-year-old was in Santa Catarina on Friday with her family
      'Not all the senators think I'm insane': General Leia deleted scene
       from The Force Awakens surfaces online days after Carrie Fisher's
       death
      Carrie Fisher autopsy conclusion gets 'deferred' because cause of
       death 'is not obvious' The 60-year-old actress suffered a cardiac
       arrest
      'I am filled with gratitude': Bachelor's Alex Nation reflects on a
       landmark 2016 as her son Elijah, six, spends New Year's Eve with
       his father Joel Porter
      'It's magical they are together': Todd Fisher reveals how it was
       Debbie Reynolds' 'destiny' to be with his sister Carrie Fisher as
       'he watched her will herself to die'
      How I got my voice back: Dumped by the BBC, Sir Tom Jones is back
       on The Voice for its first ITV series. Here, he tells how his TV
       return is helping him cope with the loss of his wife
      A dozen less lonely girls! Justin Bieber flashes his tattoos as he
       looks delighted to greet bikini-clad Beliebers in Barbados Looked
       to be in great spirits
      Serena Williams flashes gold ring on Snapchat after touching down
       in New Zealand with new fiance Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian
      New year, new me: Marnie Simpson confirms she and Lewis Bloor have
       split on Twitter after revealing she is 'starting the new year with
       a break up'
      'Go home Heather. You're drunk': The Bachelor's Heather Maltman
       attends New Year's Eve party in a nightdress as she admits she had
       too much to drink
      Heather Graham shows off her bikini body while on the beach in
       Miami with boyfriend producer Tommy Alastra
      She's got great jeans! Make-up free Kate Hudson rocks denim
       snowsuit as she looks exhausted after a day hitting the slopes in
       Aspen
      Kris Jenner and Melanie Griffith go shopping in Aspen as they
       prepare to see in the New Year in the Rockies resort Spotted
       strolling arm-in-arm
      'You made me cry because it was so beautiful!' Miley Cyrus breaks
       down in tears as she hears young cancer patient sing at children's
       hospital
      Leelee Sobieski hits the beach in St. Barts in stripy one-piece as
       she enjoys Caribbean getaway with hubby The swimsuit drew attention
       to the actress's shapely legs
      Fight night! Mickey Rourke  and Eric Roberts attend screening of
       Ronda Rousey documentary in Hollywood
      Fantastic four-some! Jessica Alba rocks relaxed island vibe in
       peekaboo kaftan as she poses for selfie with husband Cash and their
       two daughters
      Don't drop the ball! Mariah Carey is assigned special team to make
       sure she isn't late for Times Square NYE gig The diva is set to
       ring in 2017
      'I hope it helps raise awareness': Corrie's Kym Marsh relives her
       devastating miscarriage pain in a bid to educate others Actress
       lost her son Archie at 21 weeks
      SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Anna Gordon, who works for Prince
       Charles, it set to become the first ever aristocrat to have a gay
       wedding
      Party time! Kendall Jenner flashes nipple in sheer bra as she
       cosies up to Kylie in festive snap Photo on Friday showed the
       sisters at a bash
      Kourtney Kardashian and estranged partner Scott Disick take to the
       slopes for another day of skiing during family getaway with kids In
       Aspen on Friday
      'I've been through some s!' Keke Palmer tells fans she was
       sexually abused as she promotes new book via Facebook Live Scream
       Queen star's success is hard-earned
      Alessandra Ambrosio displays killer body in racy cut-out swimsuit
       as she documents the start of her New Year celebrations in Brazil
       on Instagram
      Need a LiLo? Lindsay Lohan flashes her cleavage in chic white
       bikini as she braves the freezing cold sea during her winter break
       in Abu Dhabi
      Off to bed! Samantha Womack slips into her pyjamas as she leaves
       theatre in Milton Keynes... as her panto co-star Stacey Solomon
       tries to make a low-key exit
      Madison Beer flaunts her incredible figure in a retro bikini as she
       stops for a picnic in Miami with Vine star boyfriend Jack Gilinksy
      First clip of Emma Watson singing in Beauty in the Beast is leaked
       by release of musical Belle doll in stores
      'Laughter is the word of the day': Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna
       get the giggles en route to scenic Florida getaway with dad John
       Legend
      Carrie Fisher's death will trigger biggest EVER personal accident
       insurance claim after Disney took out £41MILLION policy in case she
       couldn't finish Star Wars films
      'I'm literally blue': Bella Thorne shows off her stained cheeks and
       ear after dying her hair ultramarine...while on her way to the
       Bahamas Revealed lingering colour on Snapchat
      Hammer time! Gwen Stefani and her boys sing along to U Can't Touch
       This at Blake Shelton's Oklahoma ranch Epic dance party
      Shirtless Mark Wahlberg displays his enviable six-pack as he hits
       the beach in Barbados with stunning wife Rhea
      Beach babe Izabel Goulart shows off impeccably toned tum in skimpy
       pink bikini as she tops up her tan in St Barts
      'Kickin' mountain butt!' Julianne Hough goes snowboarding with her
       sister Marabeth in new Instagram picture  Having a blast in the
       mountains
      She's a model mom! Alessandra Ambrosio gets in a mess with her kids
       as they play Pieface Showdown Messy fun
      Puppy love! Glam Danielle Lloyd takes her boys and cute pet puppy
       food shopping... as she 'retweets bizarre rant against rival Maria
       Fowler'  A doting mum
      Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie
       Rogers announce plans to wed Posted a sweet photograph online
      TOWIE's Kate Wright wows in a saucy bathroom selfie as she shows
       off her ample assets in stunning swimwear while holidaying in Dubai
      Screen legend Debbie Reynolds 'to be buried in her favourite red
       dress suit' in joint funeral with her daughter Carrie Fisher after
       the pair died just a day apart
      HBO moves up premiere date for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds
       documentary Bright Lights The US channel will air the show next
       week
      'That was really hard!' Eva Longoria bemoans jet pack fail after
       crashing into water during holiday in Mexico The 41-year-old was in
       the air for just seconds
      'This one felt good' A very generous Dwayne Johnson surprises his
       dad with a shiny new car for the holidays Star posted his thanks
       for father's sacrifices
      Is THAT why they split? Mariah Carey found James Packer's Hunter
       Valley estate 'a little too outback' during brief holiday in
       Australia 'She was not impressed'
      'Happy New Year!' Mariah Carey makes gingerbread houses with the
       twins Passing on the holiday traditions to Moroccan and Monroe
      'Never too old for a bikini': Davina McCall, 49, shows off her
       impeccably toned abs in a colourful two-piece She's a fitness
       enthusiast ready to spread the word
      'Her life was the red carpet': Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband gives
       touching eulogy at her funeral... as he reveals Kirk Douglas helped
       star after stroke
      'Feelin' beachy!' Bethenny Frankel shows off her slim figure in a
       sexy two-tone bikini while on holiday in Mexico
      Cheers! Christina El Moussa shares champagne toast with new beau
       Gary Anderson's daughter in snowy Utah after split from hubbby
       Tarek
      Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, and Drew Barrymore to present at
       next week's Golden Globes Fellow presenter Laura Dern co-stars in
       HBO's Big Little Lies
      She's Dunn it again! Model Jourdan shows off unbelievably long legs
       and enviably toned figure in another bikini snap from idyllic
       Barbados break British beauty
      Belles of the ball! Daughters of the world's most elite and wealthy
       families splash out more than $100K on gowns and glitz to attend
       the 62nd International Debutante Ball
      'Kisses from my baby girl': Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of
       Harper writing 'I love mummy and daddy' on the sand during Maldives
       break
      Teen Mom 2's Chelsea DeBoer is 'kind of freaking out' about
       welcoming second child The 25-year-old and her husband of two
       months, Cole, are planning for a natural birth in February
      EXCLUSIVE: How Kenny Goss, the love of George Michael's life, has
       quietly found a new partner and dedicated himself to the foundation
       he and the singer set up for young artists
      Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban arrive back in LA with their
       daughters after spending Christmas with their family in Australia
      Busty Lauryn Goodman shows off her extremely peachy posterior in a
       gold swimsuit on Mykonos beach break Been on a new diet
      The tragic tale of Sia's first love: Death of boyfriend Daniel
       Pontifex in 1997 led to downward spiral which almost claimed her
       life... as she files for divorce
      Sia files for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang due to
       'irreconcilable differences' after two years of marriage
      'Pimp my ride': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi posts
       VERY busty selfie on New Year's Eve as she shows off her car's
       interior
      'Has it got good legs and smell good?': Ritchie Neville compares
       women to wine as Thom Evans strips off on Take Me Out celebrity
       special  They've all been unlucky-in-love
      Emma Forbes, 51, gives a saucy flash of cleavage in daring plunging
       swimsuit as she shows off slender figure on the beach in Barbados
      Some-ring to smile about? Giddy Adele sports THAT glittering
       'wedding band' on day out with son Angelo... amid speculation she's
       married Simon Konecki
      'Thanks for toning me up'! MIC's Louise Thompson sports sexy
       scarlet swimsuit as she thanks her personal trainer beau for
       transforming her body
      What a rock! Gilmore Girl's Danny Strong announces his engagement
       to indie actress Caitlin Mehner with snap of the stunning diamond
       ring
      'Real witches do real things': Azealia Banks shares bizarre video
       of herself cleaning feathers and blood from closet after three
       years sacrificing chickens
      Joe Jones steps out hand in hand with Sophie Turner and brother
       Nick in Miami after his ex got engaged  Game of Thrones star in
       Miami on Friday
      Mom's the word! Sarah Jessica Parker rocks casual chic as she
       visits Washington DC with twin daughters Shopping with Tabitha and
       Marion on Friday
      Making a splash! Real Housewives star Dorit Kemsley flashes
       cleavage and killer post-baby physique while cuddling daughter on
       beach in bikini
      This Christmas, I give you the charts: Best-loved singles and
       albums of the late George Michael dominate festive record sales...
       as debate over his new music rages on
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, shows youngest children Mercy and
       David how to take the slopes of Switzerland in style as they enjoy
       festive trip
      The EX Factor! Singer Christopher Maloney splits with fiancé Gary
       Doran after two-year engagement Maloney, 38, got down on one knee
       in 2015
      'My boy!' Sofia Vergara smoulders for the camera as she celebrates
       Joe Manganiello's birthday in Bora Bora
      TRHOOC's Meghan King Edmonds 'back to blonde' after welcoming
       daughter Aspen The 32-year-old new mother ended her '9 month ombré
       hiatus' at her 'fave St. Louis salon!'
      I'm back! Evan Rachel Wood grins happily as she braves the holiday
       crowds to jet into Los Angeles Llooking pretty dashing in yellow on
       Friday
      'It's not so funny!' Ryan Seacrest gets stuck in elevator on his
       way to film Good Morning America and snaps selfies with fellow
       passengers
      Bikini-clad Jacqueline Jossa shows off her figure as she packs on
       the PDA with fiancé Dan Osborne in Mexico... after lashing out at
       cruel body shamers
      'He knows everything about her': Danielle Lloyd is 'worried'
       ex-husband Jamie O'Hara and former gal pal Nicola McLean will spill
       her secrets on CBB
      'Same smile but much healthier!' Scarlett Moffatt reflects on three
       stone weight loss in before and after snap as she shows off slim
       figure in racy bodysuit
      No luck at bingo? 'Homeless' Danniella Westbrook grabs lunch at
       budget eatery after spending the evening gambling  Snack break
      'No, I haven't had a boob job! Millie Mackintosh shows off her
       cleavage in a bust-boosting retro bikini on romantic break to South
       Africa
      TOWIE's Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust and tiny waist in a
       skimpy black bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Works out
       every day
      Move aside, Pammy! Tallia Storm, 18, does her best Baywatch
       impression in a red swimsuit on Barbados getaway with pal Chris
       Evans, 50
      Newly-single Vogue Williams snaps a sizzling selfie in a retro
       black bikini and chic fedora as she moves on from Laurence Fox
       split Irish model
      Busy mum Coleen Rooney flaunts her toned pins in snake-print
       leggings as she grabs a quick coffee after busy family Christmas
       Hitting the gym?
      'Please tell me the baby isn't wearing earrings!': Sallie Axl faces
       backlash after sharing snap of her daughter, six months, in face
       mask and jewellery
      Peter's mini-me! Junior Andre busts out some serious moves as he
       dances alongside Princess in cute video Wonder where he gets it
       from?
      Jessie Wallace layers up in biker boots and a leather jacket as she
       heads to theatre rehearsals in Southampton  Keeping things casual
      Chloe Grace Moretz hits the slopes with her brothers in Telluride
       after recently battling a 'mega-virus' Looked in great spirits
       during the family trip
      General Hospital actress Barbara Tarbuck dies of human mad cow
       disease at 74 14-year run on the ABC soap from 1996 until 2010
      Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher WILL be buried in joint funeral,
       Todd Fisher confirms, as he's picutred visitng the cemetery to plan
       the service
      Here's to a bright fuchsia! Newly-slim Frankie Essex is the
       ultimate beach babe in Spain... as she prepares to ring in New Year
       2st lighter
      Lindsay Lohan relaxes in bikini top and shorts as she suns herself
       in Abu Dhabi... day after revealing she's 'pushing' for Mean Girls
       sequel
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hanks's new granddaughter emerges in public
       for first time after troubled son Chet credits baby for newfound
       sobriety
      Desperately Seeking Bertram! Cheeky Rose displays her ample
       cleavage and peachy derriere in a lace bustier as she stars in day
       30 of LOVE advent
      No nip-slip today M'Lady? Victoria Hervey makes waves on a jet-ski
       in Barbados as she showcases her washboard abs in a sizzling white
       bikini
      Photographer who captured the iconic picture of Carrie Fisher
       watching mum Debbie Reynolds on stage reveals the pair's adoring
       relationship
      Young love! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look cosy as
       they cuddle up in flirty Snapchat video... as they enjoy skiing
       getaway in Switzerland
      Briana Jungwirth's stepfather threatens owner of One Direction fan
       sites with lawsuit over comments made about her and ex Louis
       Tomlinson
      Ashley James puts on a very busty display in a white string bikini
       as she enjoys a sun-soaked beach day in Dubai She's a firm advocate
       of body confidence
      They should be so lucky! Pop star Kylie Minogue leaves staff in a
       small Scottish sweet shop 'spinning around' with a surprise visit
       to buy dolly mixtures
      Clifford T.I. Harris 'tries to convince Tameka Tiny Cottle to end
       divorce proceedings' It seemed like their love story was all over
      Robert Kennedy Jr. says he's PROUD of son Conor who is facing a
       year in jail after 'beating a man who used homophobic slur and then
       resisting arrest
      Kim Cattrall hits back at the 'distant relatives' accusing her of
       replacing their mother's gravestone with one bizarrely bearing her
       OWN NAME by claiming they're not even family
      Mexi-glow! Make-up free Eva Longoria shows off her trim figure in
       khaki bikini on beach holiday Snapchat She is used to glamming up

      Today's headlines
      Most Read

      We are proof Dry January really IS worth doing: 5 drinkers who gave
       up alcohol for a month reveal their...
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash...
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note...
      How to beat the cough that is plaguing our QUEEN and COUNTRY: Avoid
       cold and dry air, but keep moving around
      Harrods restaurant staff 'lose £5,000 a year because the store
       won't pass on tips': Workers plan protest...
      Britons spend six times more on rail fares than Europeans do:
       Commuters spending a seventh of their income...
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images...
      Orkney 'seeks independence from Scotland': Islanders consider their
       options following Brexit vote
      Man is shot dead by police on sliproad to the M62 in 'pre-planned
       operation'
      Incredible moment a two-year-old boy saves his twin from being
       crushed beneath a fallen dresser
      British soldier dies in Iraq but their death is 'not as the result
       of enemy activity'
      British man who joined Kurdish forces to fight against ISIS is
       killed in northern Syria during battle to...
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish...
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the...
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of...
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS...
      German police arrest Syrian refugee 'who asked ISIS for £150,000 to
       turn cars into suicide bombs he could...
      ISIS release shocking video of double suicide blast which killed 27
       in Baghdad marketplace
      Full of 1940s intrigue, sex and Kara Tointon's VERY pert derriere,
       Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an...
      Will you make a fortune in 2017? There's turbulence ahead but
       thanks to a rare planetary alignment we can...
      Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after
       appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of...
      Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed
       for 10-year-olds leaves the internet...
      'That could gag a maggot!': Lump of yellow goop growing on a man's
       back for 30 YEARS is finally squeezed -...
      Mayhem at airports as immigration system inexplicably crashes -
       causing huge lines and hours of disruption...
      Care home has blood on its hands over my mother's death: Daughter
       accuses staff after her mum died eight...
      Can sugar really give you CANCER? Diet author reveals how the
       smallest amount can trigger health problems...
      Leaving EU customs union could create 400,000 jobs in UK:
       Pro-Brexit Change Britain group argue staying in...
      ROBERT HARDMAN: Why the EU's hypocrite-in-chief is a prime example
       of the hubris that could tear it apart
      Woman is wrongly branded a prostitute when feuding neighbour
       plasters pictures of her naked on a horse...
      Corbyn has lost 44  of Labour voters from 2015: Party could lose
       90 seats at an election after four million...
      Farage aide facing 20 years and £200,000 fine after admitting
       posing as a money launderer in online drug...
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a...
      Man arrested for trying to smuggle a migrant in the DASHBOARD of a
       car across Moroccan border with Spain
      Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins
       signs up for The Jump... days after...
      Golf expert, 61, who dined with royalty to secure sponsorship deals
       for the PGA European Tour worth more...
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply...
      Vinyl lovers made 2016 a record year... for records! Sales hit a
       25-year high after more than 3.2million LPs...
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is...
      PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and
       Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream...
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step...
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's...
      Supermarket price war kicks off as Morrisons cuts the cost of 800
       items to entice shoppers on tighter...
      Fertility clinics 'are selling false hope' to the over-40s: Number
       freezing their eggs double in a year but...
      Putting this rabble in charge of the Press would be like putting
       the Kray Twins in charge of the Police...
      Britain's deserted shopping malls: Visits to stores plunge by HALF
       on New Year's Day - as online sales...
      Taxman could start sharing your records with town halls so
       officials can chase you for council arrears and...
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic...
      EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: A ‘Jezza-Jemima’ romantic alliance would mark
       an uplifting start to 2017
      'We knew she had a purpose': Mother details her heartbreaking
       decision to carry her terminally-ill baby to...
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed...

      MORE HEADLINES

      Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH VINE on
       how British society is in the grip of an out of control
       binge-drinking culture
      Welcome to the UK’s Capital of Culture: Hull descends into drunken
       carnage just hours before it marked its new status as Britain’s
       ‘art city’
      Beer on demand, parties every weekend and an on-site sauna: Seven
       months after London's first 'luxury commune' opened its doors every
       room is full and the oldest resident is just 44
      George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone
       after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star
       had tried to kill himself many times
      Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the
       streets of Britain as revellers see in 2017 with a night of
       fighting, vomiting and a LOT of flesh on show
      First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across
       the floor as police release new photo of 'ISIS killer' and quiz
       eight people over New Year's Eve attack
      Musician who turned her back on singing career becomes online hit
       after mother secretly films her performing alone in a cathedral
      British traveller, 29, found dead in exclusive Melbourne
       gentlemen's club 'where she was partying with several mystery men'
       - and her body is not discovered until the next day when they had
       fled
      New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the holidays with
       his wife and kids at their mansion
      Blindfolded British couple found hanged in Cambodia with their
       hands tied together and 'a suicide note blaming the NHS for failing
       to deal with their mental health problems'
      Distraught children are left in tears as New Year trip to
       Disneyland Paris is ruined when Easyjet flight is cancelled AFTER
       they get on the plane
      How NOT to park a Renault Clio: Baffled driver takes seven minutes
       and EIGHTEEN manoeuvres to reverse her tiny car into a huge space
      PC is sacked for ‘lying to defend’ her police officer partner after
       he was spotted pushing a pram while he was off-sick with a shoulder
       injury - but he gets to KEEP his job
      Drug dealer who paid for his wife's BOOB JOB and a £15,000 Mercedes
       with dirty money is ordered to repay £109,000
      Queue here for UK's £1bn foreign aid cashpoint: Just when you
       thought it couldn't get any worse... YOUR cash is doled out in
       envelopes and on ATM cards loaded with money
      Grandson is left red-faced when his gran, 70, opens the photo album
       he got her for Christmas to find old pictures of ANT MCPARTLIN
       inside
      Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage
       as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she
       blamed on faulty earpiece
      Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from
       Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss
      Jack Russell dog needs emergency treatment after his mouth is glued
       shut when he bites into shiny brochure in the letterbox
      Desperate hunt for missing mother, 23, who was last seen three days
       ago wearing a peach onesie and Mickey Mouse pumps
      Canadian mom-of-two, Indian fashion designer and Bollywood director
       are named among the 39 victims of ISIS gunman who brought terror to
       Istanbul nightclub
      Fitness instructor given an anonymous £9,000 by George Michael for
       IVF treatment lays flowers outside the dead pop star's home
      Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's
       girlfriend poses for series of racy publicity photos after landing
       a daytime TV show role 13 years before their royal romance began
      Pit bull kills a small dog in front of its horrified owner while
       she helplessly cries for it to stop in Los Angeles
      Pram race contestant fights for his life after falling from his
       homemade airplane-design cart while dressed as a WW2 Spitfire
       fighter pilot
      Theresa May WILL stop EU migrants from claiming benefits under new
       post-Brexit plan
      EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into
       a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her
       Times Square meltdown
      Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her
       21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts
      The sickening moment a daredevil's leap from a third floor balcony
       into a hotel pool goes disastrously wrong when he MISSES and
       smashes feet first on concrete
      Bloody retribution: Turkey’s jets and tanks hit 100 ISIS targets in
       Northern Syria just hours after the terror group’s gunman kills 39
       New Year’s Eve revellers in an Istanbul nightclub
      Murder probe launched as lawyer's son, 23, dies after his parents’
       house was ’deliberately’ set alight in a devastating New Year’s Day
       blaze
      The first 'ghosts' caught on camera: How these 'spirit photographs'
       had the world captivated in the 1920s... but all wasn't as it seems
      Elderly mother of Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan is killed after
       her car crashes into a wall on New Year's Day
      Pictured: Car which mowed down and killed girls aged 11 and 12
       crossing the road hand in hand as police step up hunt for
       witnesses
      Mother is left £1,500 out of pocket after her daughter's passport
       was 'signed for by a stranger' who simply wrote an 'x' on the
       delivery form
      Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the
       Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her
       best work)
      ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain, warns
       minister as he calls on citizens to help identify 'the enemy
       within'
      How Quality Street brought treats to the poor, how the Wall Street
       Crash created Nescafe and the birth of Coca-Cola: Secrets of our
       top brands revealed
      'I will miss my Abadaba and my Momby': Billie Lourd breaks her
       silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother
       Debbie Reynolds
      Time to check down the back of the sofa! Rare 1926 George V
       sovereign could be worth up to £37,000
      Pit bull mauls family who tried to put him in a Christmas sweater
       and is only captured after being stabbed, Tasered, then shot with a
       tranquilizer dart AND a shotgun
      'I made a promise to help - I couldn't have done nothing':
       Incredible £140,000 transformation of Bosnian boy with a facial
       deformity thanks to the big-hearted British soldier who spotted him
       while on patrol
      Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of
       suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish secularists by posing in
       Taksim Square protest site as different CCTV clips shows the wanted
       man roaming Istanbul before the massacre
      There’s someone behind you! Spooked couple buy CCTV – and see a
       GHOST following them down their driveway
      Welcome to 2017! New Year begins with ice, snow, rain and sleet and
       temperatures as low as minus 7C as Severe Weather Warning is
       issued
      Saved by his cellphone: Delaware businessman, 35, cheats death in
       Istanbul nightclub terror attack and his headed home after his
       phone takes impact of bullet shot by 'ISIS' gunman who killed 39
      Pensioner's body is found in a ferry's ventilation shaft two months
       after she disappeared when her husband went to sleep on a
       sunlounger
      'Wet elephant' taxpayer-funded £18MILLION tidal energy scheme
       supposed to power 600 homes stops working after just three months
      Massive python unhooks its jaw to gobble down a wallaby WHOLE... to
       the amazement of a nearby horse
      Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and
       warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him'
      MOST READ IN DETAIL

EDITOR'S SIX OF THE BEST

     
       JAN MOIR: Four mothers who epitomise everything that's awful about
       Britain
     
       EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The zipless dress once considered 'risque'...
       that has proved a hit thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge
     
       DAILY MAIL COMMENT: Co-op, Labour and a betrayal of values
     
       TOM UTLEY: At last, a genuine medical condition that explains why I
       never listen to a word my wife says
     
       RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: Life's too short to measure a goldfish
     
       Press the panic button... Lucifer's legged it: The Mail's theatre
       critic is directing his village's Easter play. So why has the Devil
       disappeared and did the Bible really feature green underpants

   MailOnline iPad app

   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

      SHARE PICTURE
     
     
     
     
     

   

   Copy link to paste in your message

      Back to top

      Home
      News
      U.S.
      Sport
      TVShowbiz
      Australia
      Femail
      Health
      Science
      Money
      Video
      Travel
      Fashion Finder

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday  Metro Media Group
   © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with
   us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy  cookies Cookie
   regulation logo
<file=55>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK selected
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

   Scotland selected
      Edinburgh, Fife  East
      Glasgow  West
      Highlands  Islands
      NE, Orkney  Shetland
      South
      Tayside  Central

   Scotland
   Scotland

Doors Open Days: 10 weird and wonderful places to visit

   By Gillian Furmage BBC Scotland News
      18 August 2016
      From the section Scotland

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-37100959
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel

   Doors Open Days, getting under way next month, will allow free public
   access to rare historic sites across Scotland. From seeing a tower for
   nesting owlets to creeping under the stage of a famous theatre, here
   are our 10 weird and wonderful picks.

   1. See puppies being put through their paces (Forfar)
   Image copyright Guide Dogs Scotland Image caption At any one point
   80-100 pups will be getting trained at the Guide Dog Scotland centre in
   Forfar.

   A training school for puppies, the Guide Dog Centre in Forfar will be
   welcoming in the dog-loving public. At any one point, 80 to 100 pups
   could be going through vital assistance dog training and you could get
   a chance to see it happen.
      When - September 3, 10:00-15:00

   2. Be a dentist for the day (Dundee)
   Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Visitors can take in tours and
   try out being a dentist.

   Visitors can really get their teeth into a "doors open" trip around
   Dundee Dental Hospital.

   Tours of the building will take in rarely seen artwork by James
   McIntosh Patrick, as well as stunning stained-glass windows by Douglas
   Strachan. The event is part of the Dental Hospital and School's
   Centenary Celebrations.
      When: September 17, tours hourly from 12:00 - 16:00. (Non-bookable.
       Visitors should arrive 10 minutes before the tour starts.)

   3. Explore the remains of a crypt and medieval hospital (Soutra,
   south-east of Edinburgh)
   Image copyright Doors Open Midlothian Image caption The site at Soutra
   Aisle was once the highest monastery in Britain

   Soutra Aisle, dating back to 1686, is a family burial vault which was
   built when the Scottish church banned monuments inside churches.

   Visitors can explore the macabre unlocked crypt and marvel at what was
   once the largest hospital in medieval Scotland. The site sits at an
   altitude over 360 metres and was the highest monastery in the British
   Isles.
      When: September 10, 11:00 - 16:00. (Guided tours provided by the
       director of investigations.)

   4. Have a hoot (Ayrshire)
   Image copyright Doors Open Days Ayrshire Image caption Barn Owl
   activity has been recorded at the Cote in 2016.

   The traditional-looking Owl Cote tower was built in 2008/10 as a nest
   site for wild barn owls. It looks like it has been a success this year
   as research from 2016 shows there has been barn owl activity. The
   question is, will you spot one of these feathery residents when you
   enter the Ayrshire brick and bottle built round-house?
      When: 4 September, 10:00-16:00

   5. Catch a courtroom drama (Selkirk)
   Image copyright Doors Open Days Scottish Borders Image caption A group
   of actors will provide high drama in Sir Walter Scott's Court Room.

   The thrilling Sir Walter Scott court case re-enactment will have crime,
   drama, mystery and intrigue. Visitors can watch as Sir Walter Scott
   presides over a court case involving robbery and a secret liaison.
      When: 17 September, 14:00. (Entry is free but tickets are limited.
       You can get them from Scott's Selkirk Shop, Selkirk; from the
       Museum Service on 01750 20096 or at the door.)

   6. Stage fright or star-struck? (Glasgow)
   Image copyright Doors Open Days Glasgow Image caption Visitors can get
   to see what goes behind-the-scenes at Glasgow's iconic Citizens
   Theatre.

   Sneak backstage and find out what goes on behind the scenes at
   Glasgow's vibrant Citizens Theatre .
      When: 12 September. (Tours take place at 10.15, 11.00, 11.45,
       12.30, 13.15, 16.00 and 16:30, and are 30 minutes long. Early
       booking is recommended.)

   7. Lights, camera, action
   Image copyright Doors Open Days Inverclyde Image caption Film buffs can
   make their way to the projection room for the inside cinema scoop.

   Greenock Waterfront Cinema will be where it's at for those intrigued by
   how the big films get on the big screen. Guests will have the chance to
   tour the projection rooms and find out the ins and outs of how they
   work.
      When: 10 September, 10:30 - 22:00 and 11 September, 12:30 - 22:00

   8. Before the smart phone
   Image copyright BlackAperture/ThinkStock Image caption Max Femmich's
   collection shows the days before the mobile phone

   Put together by telecommunications enthusiast Max Flemmich, the Darvel:
   Private Telephone Museum celebrates 100 years of the telephone and
   includes working installations where visitors can dial on the phone or
   try tapping out Morse Code.
      When: 3/4 September, 10:00 - 16:00

   9.A whole new universe
   Image copyright Doors Open Days Ayrshire Image caption A coal mine with
   a makeover: Crawick Multiverse has been transformed into something
   unique

   Crawick Multiverse was an open cast coal mine, but it has now been
   transformed by Charles Jencks into a breathtaking landscape celebrating
   space, astronomy and cosmology.
      When: 4 September, 10:00 - 16:00

   10. Lighting the way
   Image copyright Doors Open Days Highland Inverness Image caption
   Cromarty Lighthouse visitors can hear about Aberdeen's research on
   seals, dolphins and seabirds.

   Cromarty Lighthouse was decommissioned in 2005 and now the Lighthouse
   Tower, Keeper's Cottage and Old Buoy Store are used for marine research
   and teaching by the University of Aberdeen.

   Visitors will be able to tour the building and meet staff and students
   to hear about their research on seals, dolphins and seabirds.
      When: 10 September, 10:00 -16:00

   Doors Open Days are running throughout Scotland every weekend in
   September and are co-ordinated by the Scottish Civic Trust. Head to
   their website for the full programme.

Related Topics

      East Ayrshire Council

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

More on this story

      Vintage bus trips for passengers at Doors Open Day in Edinburgh
       26 July 2016

Related Internet links

      Doors Open Days Scotland 2016
      Scottish Civic Trust

   The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites

Top Stories

   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks

   Syrian rebel groups suspend participation in preparations for peace
   talks brokered by Russia.
   3 January 2017
   Trump derides North Korea missile claim
   3 January 2017
   Best-selling car in Sweden not a Volvo
   3 January 2017

Features  Analysis

House of Cards

   The family drama gripping Indian politics

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

A pneumonia-detecting coat

   ...and four other ingenious inventions you'll see in 2017
   Video

Jumbo orders

   Does the world's largest passenger plane have a future?
   Video

New faces

   The US Congress is the most diverse ever but still 80 male

Power to the burger

   How the humble steamed bun surprised Hong Kong

Lightbulb moment

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?

India's year

   Cartoonist's take on the cash crisis and the cheapest phone

News navigation

   Scotland Sections
      Scotland
      Edinburgh, Fife  East
      Glasgow  West
      Highlands  Islands
      NE, Orkney  Shetland
      South
      Tayside  Central

      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK selected
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland selected
           Wales
           Politics
      Business
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=56>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

     * News
     * News
     * Sport
     * Weather
     * Shop
     * Earth
     * Travel
     * Capital
     * iPlayer
     * Culture
     * Autos
     * Future
     * TV
     * Radio
     * CBBC
     * CBeebies
     * Food
     * iWonder
     * Bitesize
     * Travel
     * Music
     * Earth
     * Arts
     * Make It Digital
     * Taster
     * Nature
     * Local
     * Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC ____________________ (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
     * Home
     * Video
     * World
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science
     * Magazine
     * Entertainment & Arts selected
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Also in the News
     * Special Reports
     * Explainers
     * The Reporters
     * Have Your Say

   Entertainment & Arts
   Do you talk to strangers?
   Media playback is unsupported on your device

Lily Bevan often says 'quite weird things' to strangers

   22 September 2016 Last updated at 13:15 BST

   Comedian Lily Bevan has co-written a play called Talking to Strangers,
   which is a series of monologues in which characters talk to strangers.

   She told the BBC Radio 4's The World Tonight that she talks to people
   she does not know and it "can be really endearing".

Share this story About sharing

     * Email
     * Facebook
     * Messenger
     * Messenger
     * Twitter
     * Pinterest
     * WhatsApp
     * LinkedIn

     * Related
     * Most watched
     * Top stories

Related video / audio

   No related video

Most watched

Top stories

World

UK

Business

Politics

Health

Science & Environment

Technology

Entertainment

News navigation

   Sections
     * Home
     * Video
     * World
          + World Home
          + Africa
          + Asia
          + Australia
          + Europe
          + Latin America
          + Middle East
          + US & Canada
     * UK
          + UK Home
          + England
          + N. Ireland
          + Scotland
          + Wales
          + Politics
     * Business
          + Business Home
          + Market Data
          + Markets
          + Economy
          + Companies
          + Entrepreneurship
          + Technology of Business
          + Business of Sport
          + Global Education
     * Tech
     * Science
     * Magazine
     * Entertainment & Arts selected
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Also in the News
     * Special Reports
     * Explainers
     * The Reporters
     * Have Your Say

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On your connected tv
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

     * News
     * News
     * Sport
     * Weather
     * Shop
     * Earth
     * Travel
     * Capital
     * iPlayer
     * Culture
     * Autos
     * Future
     * TV
     * Radio
     * CBBC
     * CBeebies
     * Food
     * iWonder
     * Bitesize
     * Travel
     * Music
     * Earth
     * Arts
     * Make It Digital
     * Taster
     * Nature
     * Local

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=57>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

     * News
     * News
     * Sport
     * Weather
     * Shop
     * Earth
     * Travel
     * Capital
     * iPlayer
     * Culture
     * Autos
     * Future
     * TV
     * Radio
     * CBBC
     * CBeebies
     * Food
     * iWonder
     * Bitesize
     * Travel
     * Music
     * Earth
     * Arts
     * Make It Digital
     * Taster
     * Nature
     * Local
     * Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC ____________________ (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
     * Home
     * Video
     * World selected
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science
     * Magazine
     * Entertainment & Arts
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Also in the News
     * Special Reports
     * Explainers
     * The Reporters
     * Have Your Say

   World selected
     * Africa
     * Asia
     * Australia
     * Europe
     * Latin America
     * Middle East
     * US & Canada

   World
   Felix the polar bear
   Media playback is unsupported on your device

US election 2016: Russia's weird victory celebrations

   11 November 2016 Last updated at 00:45 GMT

   There is consternation in many places at the prospect of a Donald Trump
   presidency, but one place that has welcomed the news is Russia.

   Vladimir Putin wasted no time sending his congratulations while some
   Russian companies invited their clients to mark the Republican
   billionaire's success.

   Many Russians are openly gleeful that their favourite candidate won.

   Sarah Rainsford reports from Moscow.

Read more

   US election 2016: Why Russia is celebrating Trump win

Related Topics

     * Russia
     * Donald Trump
     * Vladimir Putin

Share this story About sharing

     * Email
     * Facebook
     * Messenger
     * Messenger
     * Twitter
     * Pinterest
     * WhatsApp
     * LinkedIn

     * Related
     * Most watched
     * Top stories

Related video / audio

   Still image shows Russian President Vladimir Putin.
   0:47
   Putin congratulates Trump
   9 November 2016
   Composite picture of Donald trump next to media reports
   1:00
   World media reacts to Trump victory
   9 November 2016
   Graphic of Hillary Clinton behind bars
   1:48
   Can Trump keep his promises?
   10 November 2016

Most watched

Top stories

World

UK

Business

Politics

Health

Science & Environment

Technology

Entertainment

News navigation

   World Sections
     * Africa
     * Asia
     * Australia
     * Europe
     * Latin America
     * Middle East
     * US & Canada

     * Home
     * Video
     * World selected
          + World Home
          + Africa
          + Asia
          + Australia
          + Europe
          + Latin America
          + Middle East
          + US & Canada
     * UK
          + UK Home
          + England
          + N. Ireland
          + Scotland
          + Wales
          + Politics
     * Business
          + Business Home
          + Market Data
          + Markets
          + Economy
          + Companies
          + Entrepreneurship
          + Technology of Business
          + Business of Sport
          + Global Education
     * Tech
     * Science
     * Magazine
     * Entertainment & Arts
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Also in the News
     * Special Reports
     * Explainers
     * The Reporters
     * Have Your Say

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On your connected tv
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

     * News
     * News
     * Sport
     * Weather
     * Shop
     * Earth
     * Travel
     * Capital
     * iPlayer
     * Culture
     * Autos
     * Future
     * TV
     * Radio
     * CBBC
     * CBeebies
     * Food
     * iWonder
     * Bitesize
     * Travel
     * Music
     * Earth
     * Arts
     * Make It Digital
     * Taster
     * Nature
     * Local

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=58>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK selected
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

   England selected
      Regions
      Berkshire selected

   Berkshire
   Berkshire

Golden bus created for Olympic diver Chris Mears

      4 November 2016
      From the section Berkshire

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-berkshire-37870968
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel
   Chris Mears Image caption The bus was unveiled on Friday at the Pride
   of Reading Awards

   A gold bus has been created for Olympic gold medallist Chris Mears in
   tribute to his Rio 2016 success.

   The single deck bus will primarily run along the lime 2 route, which
   serves Mears's village Burghfield Common, near Reading, but will also
   be available for use on other routes in the town.

   It comes after a fake golden postbox was installed in his village in
   August.

   Mears and his diving partner Jack Laugher won the men's synchronised 3m
   springboard event.
   Media captionChris Mears gets an Olympic gold... bus

   He described seeing himself pictured on a bus as a "surreal
   experience".

   "My old friendship group use this service, so it's going to be weird
   for them getting on the bus and seeing me on the side of it," he said.

   He added that he hopes the younger generation in the town will be
   inspired by his achievements in Rio and for the sport of diving.
   Image caption Mears and his diving partner Jack Laugher won the men's
   synchronised 3m springboard event

   Jake Osman, of Reading Buses, said: "After the great exploits of London
   2012, the gold medal winning athletes were celebrated with gold post
   boxes in their home towns. However, this was only for those Olympics.

   "As Chris will not get a golden post box in Burghfield Common we
   thought we could step up and give Chris something to demonstrate that
   the people of Burghfield, and Reading are proud of his achievements."

   The bus was unveiled at the Pride of Reading Awards on Friday.
   Image copyright Andy Evans Photos Image caption A fake golden postbox
   was installed in Chris Mears's home village of Burghfield Common after
   his Rio 2016 success

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

More on this story

      Diver Chris Mears's Rio win marked by fake gold postbox
       24 August 2016
      Diver Chris Mears visits fake gold postbox in Burghfield Common
       26 August 2016

Related Internet links

      Reading Buses

   The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites

Top Stories

   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks

   Syrian rebel groups suspend participation in preparations for peace
   talks brokered by Russia.
   3 January 2017
   Trump derides North Korea missile claim
   3 January 2017
   Best-selling car in Sweden not a Volvo
   3 January 2017

Features  Analysis

House of Cards

   The family drama gripping Indian politics

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

A pneumonia-detecting coat

   ...and four other ingenious inventions you'll see in 2017
   Video

Jumbo orders

   Does the world's largest passenger plane have a future?
   Video

New faces

   The US Congress is the most diverse ever but still 80 male

Power to the burger

   How the humble steamed bun surprised Hong Kong

Lightbulb moment

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?

India's year

   Cartoonist's take on the cash crisis and the cheapest phone

News navigation

   England Sections
      England
      Regions
      Berkshire selected

      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK selected
           UK Home
           England selected
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Wales
           Politics
      Business
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=59>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK
      Business selected
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

   Business selected
      Market Data
      Markets
      Economy
      Companies
      Entrepreneurship
      Technology of Business
      Business of Sport
      Global Education

   Business
   Business

The weird world of negative interest rates

   Simon Jack Business editor
      26 July 2016
      From the section Business
      comments

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36895419
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel
   RBS umbrella Image copyright Getty Images

   The idea of paying to have money in the bank seems unfair, and frankly
   just plain weird. It is indeed a strange idea for strange economic
   times. Let me take a moment to explain why anyone would want to do
   this.

   Banks have bank accounts of their own with the central bank. In the
   UK's case - that is the Bank of England. For countries that use the
   euro it's the European Central Bank (ECB).

   The central bank pays their banks interest for any spare money they
   have got on deposit with it. By lowering interest rates, the central
   bank makes it less attractive to park that money on deposit and
   encourages the banks to do something more profitable with it - like
   lend it to individuals and businesses to spend - thus boosting the
   economy.

   When banks are really reluctant to lend, a bigger stick is required.
   And so in Europe, the ECB has introduced negative rates - which doesn't
   just encourage lending but punishes the banks if they don't. If there
   isn't anyone who wants to borrow that money, the banks end up paying
   the penalty - and that cost could get passed on to customers.

   That is what RBS and NatWest are saying could happen here if the Bank
   of England cuts rates from the current 0.5 to below zero. That's quite
   a lot of caveats and why it is very unlikely to happen anytime soon.

   Bank of England governor Mark Carney has gone on the record saying he
   doesn't believe negative interest rates work, precisely because they
   punish banks, making them weaker and can pass on additional costs to
   customers, which in turn makes the economy weaker.

   The real story in RBS and NatWest's message is the rise in the cost of
   business banking by an average of £8 per month. RBS and NatWest have
   around 1.3 million business customers, as they have traditionally
   offered cheaper business banking than some of their rivals.

   In a world where they can't make any money on those deposits
   themselves, they are having to find income elsewhere. The business of
   banking is pretty simple. You pay interest on deposits at one rate and
   you lend it out at a higher rate. When interest rates are this low, the
   difference between those two rates gets squashed and so do the banks.

   This move by RBS and NatWest is the sound of the banking pips
   squeaking.
   View comments

Related Topics

      Banking

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

More from Simon

More Business stories

Top Stories

   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks

   Syrian rebel groups suspend participation in preparations for peace
   talks brokered by Russia.
   3 January 2017
   Trump derides North Korea missile claim
   3 January 2017
   Best-selling car in Sweden not a Volvo
   3 January 2017

Features  Analysis

House of Cards

   The family drama gripping Indian politics

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

A pneumonia-detecting coat

   ...and four other ingenious inventions you'll see in 2017
   Video

Jumbo orders

   Does the world's largest passenger plane have a future?
   Video

New faces

   The US Congress is the most diverse ever but still 80 male

Power to the burger

   How the humble steamed bun surprised Hong Kong

Lightbulb moment

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?

India's year

   Cartoonist's take on the cash crisis and the cheapest phone

News navigation

   Business Sections
      Market Data
      Markets
      Economy
      Companies
      Entrepreneurship
      Technology of Business
      Business of Sport
      Global Education

      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Wales
           Politics
      Business selected
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=60>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts selected
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

   Entertainment  Arts
   Entertainment  Arts

Critics find Bowie Lazarus musical 'weird'

      8 December 2015
      From the section Entertainment  Arts

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-35037751
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel
   Sophia Anne Caruso, left, and Michael C. Hall perform in a scene from
   David Bowie and Enda Walsh's "Lazarus," currently performing
   off-Broadway at the New York Theatre Workshop in New York Image
   copyright Jan Versweyveld Image caption The musical features the songs
   of David Bowie

   Lazarus, the new musical featuring the songs of David Bowie, has opened
   to mixed reviews in New York.

   Inspired by Bowie's starring role in the 1976 cult film The Man Who
   Fell to Earth, he co-wrote the show with Irish playwright Enda Walsh,
   the award-winning writer of Once.

   Time Out, gave it 3/5, saying it "lacked originality and depth."

   But The Guardian described the production as "unapologetically weird...
   and oddly intriguing".
   Image copyright NYTW Image caption The show is about a stranded alien
   living on earth

   Telling the story of a human-looking alien who comes to Earth, the
   production is directed by Belgian Ivo van Hove, whose recent
   productions include the sell-out A View From the Bridge starring Mark
   Strong.

   The cast includes Michael C Hall, who starred in hit TV series Dexter
   and Cristin Milioti, who starred in the stage version of Once.

   Rolling Stone said that although Lazarus bears "all the earmarks of a
   bad idea" being a continuation of another story, with a single-artist
   soundtrack, "the plot is coherent, the songs are great and the
   performances are kinetic". It praised the show as a "surrealistic tour
   de force."

'Pretentious... fascinating'

   The New York Times described it as a "great-sounding, great-looking and
   mind-numbing new musical" and criticised the script, calling it a
   "flat-footed, literal-minded exposition".

   The Chicago Tribune, and The Hollywood Reporter also held mixed
   opinions.

   The Tribune felt all was not "hunky-dory" but said it "feels fixable,"
   adding Lazarus "has the visual sophistication, the pan-sexual
   weirdness, the historicism, the eclectic musical rush of the gorgeous".

   Meanwhile The Hollywood Reporter described it as "an alienation
   alt-musical that channels the trippy dream state of an alcoholic
   extraterrestrial insomniac. So the two intermission-less hours of
   Lazarus are predictably strange, often impenetrable and a tad
   pretentious, but always fascinating, even when distancing".

   James C Nicola, the artistic director of the New York Theatre Workshop,
   said the show had been in secret development for some years.

   Bowie surprised his fans in 2013 when he suddenly released a new single
   on his 66th birthday - followed by a new album - after a 10-year
   hiatus.

Related Topics

      Music

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

More on this story

      David Bowie writes new songs for New York stage show
       2 April 2015
      David Bowie's new songs for Lazarus 'sound like classics'
       13 April 2015

Related Internet links

      Lazarus - New York Theatre Workshop

   The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites

Top Stories

   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks

   Syrian rebel groups suspend participation in preparations for peace
   talks brokered by Russia.
   3 January 2017
   Trump derides North Korea missile claim
   3 January 2017
   Best-selling car in Sweden not a Volvo
   3 January 2017

Features  Analysis

House of Cards

   The family drama gripping Indian politics

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

A pneumonia-detecting coat

   ...and four other ingenious inventions you'll see in 2017
   Video

Jumbo orders

   Does the world's largest passenger plane have a future?
   Video

New faces

   The US Congress is the most diverse ever but still 80 male

Power to the burger

   How the humble steamed bun surprised Hong Kong

Lightbulb moment

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?

India's year

   Cartoonist's take on the cash crisis and the cheapest phone

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Wales
           Politics
      Business
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts selected
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=61>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK selected
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

   UK selected
      England
      N. Ireland
      Scotland
      Wales
      Politics

   UK
   UK

Butler and bacon pleas 'among weird consular requests'

      7 April 2016
      From the section UK

   Share

   Share this with
      Email
       Share this with Email
      Facebook
       Share this with Facebook
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Messenger
       Share this with Messenger
      Twitter
       Share this with Twitter
      Pinterest
       Share this with Pinterest
      WhatsApp
       Share this with WhatsApp
      LinkedIn
       Share this with LinkedIn

   Copy this link
   http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-35982473
   Read more about sharing. (Submit) Close share panel
   (Clockwise from top left) Foreign Office sign, plug, pound notes, bacon
   Image copyright Science Photo Library, Getty Images Image caption
   Officials fielded calls about bacon, plugs and old pound notes in the
   last year

   Requests for information about recruiting a butler and shops selling
   English bacon are among the bizarre calls made to British consular
   staff, the Foreign Office has said.

   It has revealed the strangest inquiries of the year to remind the
   public its helpline should be for emergencies.

   A call was also taken from a man planning to move to Spain who was
   worried about encountering nudists.

   But the vast majority were from Britons needing genuine assistance.

   The Foreign Office said almost half a million calls were made in the
   last year to its consular service number, which provides emergency help
   to Britons in trouble overseas.

   It dealt with 3,250 Britons in hospital, 4,770 who were arrested, and
   the families of 3,670 who died overseas. Nearly 38,000 replacement
   travel documents were issued.

   Making up the rest of the top 10 list of bizarre calls, however, were
   inquires from:
      A holidaymaker attempting to find travel advice about Coventry
      A woman asking for the contact details of a British person on
       YouTube
      A European film-maker looking for an English pensioner for a role
      A woman disappointed the British Embassy had not given her a tour
       of St Petersburg in Russia
      A British man asking for assistance to get illegal employment in
       Singapore
      A businessman looking for information on plug sockets
      A man in South Korea asking what he could do with old pound notes.

   Foreign and Commonwealth Office Minister James Duddridge said consular
   staff "do an amazing job helping out Brits in trouble around the world
   but they are there to help with genuine emergencies and not as an
   alternative to directory inquiries".

   Head of the FCO's Global Contact Centres Kelvin Green said: "We receive
   thousands of calls a year, and do all we can to help people who find
   themselves in difficulty abroad.

   "But we cannot help people make travel arrangements or lifestyle plans,
   lend them money or pay medical and other bills for them."

Share this story About sharing

      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

More on this story

      What happens to lost and stolen passports?
       28 March 2014
      Bereaved families let down by UK consular service, MPs say
       23 November 2014

Related Internet links

      Foreign Office

   The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites

Top Stories

   Syrian rebels threaten to boycott talks

   Syrian rebel groups suspend participation in preparations for peace
   talks brokered by Russia.
   3 January 2017
   Trump derides North Korea missile claim
   3 January 2017
   Best-selling car in Sweden not a Volvo
   3 January 2017

Features  Analysis

House of Cards

   The family drama gripping Indian politics

Bar stories

   A tour of some of London's oldest and most intriguing pubs

A pneumonia-detecting coat

   ...and four other ingenious inventions you'll see in 2017
   Video

Jumbo orders

   Does the world's largest passenger plane have a future?
   Video

New faces

   The US Congress is the most diverse ever but still 80 male

Power to the burger

   How the humble steamed bun surprised Hong Kong

Lightbulb moment

   The man who runs a photo studio for endangered species

Striking a pose

   Will Africa stand, kneel, squat, fall or rise in 2017?

India's year

   Cartoonist's take on the cash crisis and the cheapest phone

News navigation

   UK Sections
      England
      N. Ireland
      Scotland
      Wales
      Politics

      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK selected
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Wales
           Politics
      Business
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=62>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

     * News
     * News
     * Sport
     * Weather
     * Shop
     * Earth
     * Travel
     * Capital
     * iPlayer
     * Culture
     * Autos
     * Future
     * TV
     * Radio
     * CBBC
     * CBeebies
     * Food
     * iWonder
     * Bitesize
     * Travel
     * Music
     * Earth
     * Arts
     * Make It Digital
     * Taster
     * Nature
     * Local
     * Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC ____________________ (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
     * Home
     * Video
     * World
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science
     * Magazine
     * Entertainment & Arts selected
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Also in the News
     * Special Reports
     * Explainers
     * The Reporters
     * Have Your Say

   Entertainment & Arts
   Child holding up Fizzwiggler sign
   Media playback is unsupported on your device

Roald Dahl fans guess the meaning of his weird words

   28 May 2016 Last updated at 11:03 BST

   Roald Dahl was the master wordsmith who wrote some of the nation's most
   memorable children's books.

   To mark 100 years since his birth, almost 8,000 of the phrases he used
   in his novels are going to be published in a special dictionary.

   The BBC asked some of his biggest fans in Manchester what they thought
   of his language.

Read more

   Roald Dahl's swashboggling words get their own dictionary

Related Topics

     * Books

Share this story About sharing

     * Email
     * Facebook
     * Messenger
     * Messenger
     * Twitter
     * Pinterest
     * WhatsApp
     * LinkedIn

     * Related
     * Most watched
     * Top stories

Related video / audio

   Roald Dahl
   1:19
   How did Roald Dahl write his books?
   15 February 2016
   Quentin Blake's illustration to missing Roald Dahl chapter The Vanilla
   Fudge Room
   1:36
   Missing Roald Dahl chapter found
   30 August 2014
   Quentin Blake
   2:34
   Drawing stories from Sir Quentin Blake
   24 May 2013

Most watched

Top stories

World

UK

Business

Politics

Health

Science & Environment

Technology

Entertainment

News navigation

   Sections
     * Home
     * Video
     * World
          + World Home
          + Africa
          + Asia
          + Australia
          + Europe
          + Latin America
          + Middle East
          + US & Canada
     * UK
          + UK Home
          + England
          + N. Ireland
          + Scotland
          + Wales
          + Politics
     * Business
          + Business Home
          + Market Data
          + Markets
          + Economy
          + Companies
          + Entrepreneurship
          + Technology of Business
          + Business of Sport
          + Global Education
     * Tech
     * Science
     * Magazine
     * Entertainment & Arts selected
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Also in the News
     * Special Reports
     * Explainers
     * The Reporters
     * Have Your Say

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On your connected tv
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

     * News
     * News
     * Sport
     * Weather
     * Shop
     * Earth
     * Travel
     * Capital
     * iPlayer
     * Culture
     * Autos
     * Future
     * TV
     * Radio
     * CBBC
     * CBeebies
     * Food
     * iWonder
     * Bitesize
     * Travel
     * Music
     * Earth
     * Arts
     * Make It Digital
     * Taster
     * Nature
     * Local

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=63>
   alternate alternate

   BBC

Accessibility links

      Skip to content
      Accessibility Help

   BBC iD
   Notifications

BBC navigation

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local
      Menu

   Search
   Search the BBC  (Submit) Search the BBC

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
      UK
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC Trending

Americans say ImVotingBecause as the world pleads 'do the right thing'

   By Tse Yin Lee BBC News
      8 November 2016

   (Submit) Share
      Email
      Facebook
      Messenger
      Messenger
      Twitter
      Pinterest
      WhatsApp
      LinkedIn

   Image copyright Reuters Image caption Americans go to the polls in
   Election2016

   On social media today: America goes to the polls to pick its next
   leader and many round the world want a say in who it chooses. In the
   Philippines, a Supreme Court decision to enable former President
   Ferdinand Marcos to be buried in the Heroes' Cemetery angers many. And
   here in the UK there's a debate about whether a puppet should wear a
   poppy

   Welcome to the finale!
   Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Americans finally choose who
   wins the White House after months of campaigning that has polarised
   opinion

   It's here! The day many are describing as "the series finale of
   America", the day the United States chooses its president, it's
   Election2016!

   The hashtag ImVotingBecause was trending this morning with more than
   540,000 tweets and the five most retweeted posts were all from Hillary
   Clinton's former Democratic rival Bernie Sanders.

   His key point? "We need a president who will bring our nation together,
   not someone who will divide us by race or religion," he says.

   Behind him is a raft of Donald Trump supporters, top among them Clint
   Eastwood, who says: "President Trump will save America, Hillary will
   just continue her pay to play scheme but on an even larger scale
   corrupt."

   Many of these tweets are repeating points that the Trump campaign has
   used to criticise Mrs Clinton - for example over the 2012 attack in
   Benghazi, Libya when Clinton was secretary of state. But many of the
   tweets also repeat unfounded allegations and lies about her: that she
   is an alcoholic, for example, or a murderer or a Satanist.

   Or they exaggerate or distort reality: "We have 1.5 million homeless
   Americans living on the street, meanwhile illegals get free healthcare,
   food, and housing," says one.

   As for the two candidates themselves, Mrs Clinton has been encouraging
   people to vote on her Twitter account, even leaping on to the
   MannequinChallenge bandwagon with one - a craze where groups of people
   stand as if frozen in action, as a camera pans round:
   Image copyright Twitter/@HillaryClinton

   While Mr Trump has remained uncharacteristically taciturn, offering
   only a single thought so far:
   Image copyright Twitter/@realDonaldTrump

   Need a quick recap on how we got here? Watch this video on the last 19
   months in 170 seconds.
     

   Messages to America
   Image copyright YouTube/Pussy Riot Image caption "Let other people in,
   listen to your women, stop killing black children, make America great
   again," sings Nadya Tolokonnikova in a provocative video

   It might be America's election but many people from around the world
   want a voice in it as well.

   "Dear America, Please don't screw this up. Love Every non-American on
   Earth," says one popular Election2016 tweet from South Africa today.

   "Come on, America. Don't let us down. Do the right thing! Please!"
   urges another from the UK.

   Prominent pleas on social media have come from entertainers like
   Bollywood star Salman Khan, Pussy Riot in Russia, Boy George in the
   United Kingdom and Fakir from Morocco.

   And, though comments in response both agree and disagree with their
   endorsements, they all want to see Hillary Clinton in the White House.
   Image copyright Twitter/@BoyGeorge
     

   Marcos "no hero" say many on Twitter
   Ferdinand Marcos Image copyright AP Image caption Former President
   Ferdinand Marcos used martial law to rule the Philippines for several
   years

   The Filipino Supreme Court decision to allow the body of former
   President Ferdinand Marcos, to be moved to the Heroes' Cemetery in
   Manila has elicited strong reactions on Twitter.

   More than 100,000 tweets mentioning his name have been sent since the
   decision this morning and many of the most popular are aghast.

   "Marcos IS NOT a hero  will never be. His triumphs during his time can
   NEVER justify the death of thousands. We will not forget. NeverAgain,"
   said one.

   "This is not reconciliation, it is the redemption of the Marcos family.
   Their personal wishes over national interest. Yet again," was another
   comment.

   President Rodrigo Duterte proposed the move in August to fulfil an
   election promise to Marcos's family.

   The decision is opposed by many who say it is inappropriate to give a
   man blamed for thousands of killings, tortures and abductions an
   honourable burial.

   "There are literally thousands more tortured and killed during Marcos
   era. Tell it to their relatives, to their graves, that Marcos is a
   hero," said another.

   Marcos's family still enjoys popular support in the Ilocano region in
   the Philippines but, on Twitter, only a few spoke up:

   "Anti-Marcos advocates expected the SC to rule based on emotion. They
   wanted the judges to disregard the law just to grant their wishes,"
   said one.
     

   Cookie Monster's poppy
   Image caption Among other things, Cookie Monster talked about his love
   for British biscuits on The One Show

   And finally - care to join the debate on whether Cookie Monster should
   or should not have been wearing a poppy on The One Show last night?

   Comments on Twitter - and there have been more than 8,000 - fall into
   three camps: baffled; outraged that a puppet is wearing a poppy; and
   baffled that people are outraged a puppet wore a poppy.

   "Hard to get your head around the mentality that thinks there's a need
   to pin a poppy on Cookie Monster," said one popular comment.

   "I'm simultaneously amused, baffled and alarmed by this. What was the
   thought process of whomever thought 'must pin poppy on Cookie
   Monster'?" asked another.

   "BBC called it wrong I think. Papers with headlines like 'COOKIE
   MONSTER DOESN'T WEAR POPPY!' would have exposed how ridiculous it all
   is," said another viewer.

   Some however thought: "Don't know what's more weird, the cookie monster
   wearing a poppy on tv or the outrage that someone put a poppy on the
   cookie monster."
     

Subscribe to our podcast

BBC Trending radio

   Our radio show airs every Saturday on BBC World Service

More from the Magazine

   Answering life’s questions through daily features, quizzes and
   opinions.

News navigation

   Sections
      Home
      Video
      World
           World Home
           Africa
           Asia
           Australia
           Europe
           Latin America
           Middle East
           US  Canada
      UK
           UK Home
           England
           N. Ireland
           Scotland
           Wales
           Politics
      Business
           Business Home
           Market Data
           Markets
           Economy
           Companies
           Entrepreneurship
           Technology of Business
           Business of Sport
           Global Education
      Tech
      Science
      Magazine
      Entertainment  Arts
      Health
      World News TV
      In Pictures
      Also in the News
      Special Reports
      Explainers
      The Reporters
      Have Your Say

BBC News Services

      On your mobile
      On your connected tv
      Get news alerts
      Contact BBC News

Explore the BBC

      News
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Shop
      Earth
      Travel
      Capital
      iPlayer
      Culture
      Autos
      Future
      TV
      Radio
      CBBC
      CBeebies
      Food
      iWonder
      Bitesize
      Travel
      Music
      Earth
      Arts
      Make It Digital
      Taster
      Nature
      Local

      Terms of Use
      About the BBC
      Privacy Policy
      Cookies
      Accessibility Help
      Parental Guidance
      Contact the BBC
      Advertise with us
      Ad choices

   Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of
   external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
<file=64>
    alternate alternate alternate POP MUSIC; Giving Jerseyana A Voice

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (Submit) Sections (Submit) Home (Submit) Search Skip to content Skip to
   navigation View mobile version

The New York Times

N.Y. / Region|POP MUSIC; Giving Jerseyana A Voice

   (Submit) Search
   (Submit) Subscribe Now (Submit) Log In (Submit) 0 (Submit) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
    (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (Submit) Go
    1. Loading...

   See next articles
   See previous articles

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Advertisement
   Supported by

N.Y. / Region | POP MUSIC

POP MUSIC; Giving Jerseyana A Voice

   By BEN SISARIOMARCH 7, 1999
   Continue reading the main story Share This Page
   Continue reading the main story

   WHEN Nick Clemente of Oldbridge heard that Weird New Jersey magazine
   was seeking original songs for a CD about the state's folklore, he knew
   exactly what to write about: the grave of Mary Ellis. From a raised
   plot of land in New Brunswick surrounded by concrete walls, she has
   kept a lonely watch over the Raritan River since 1828.

   ''It's right in the middle of the parking lot of a movie theater,'' Mr.
   Clemente said. ''It's really bizarre.''

   He turned to an issue of Weird New Jersey for historical background. He
   read about Mary's romance with a ship's captain who left her to go to
   sea but promised to return, giving her his favorite horse so she could
   ride to the edge of the river and watch for him. Mary's lover never
   returned, and when she died, she was buried on the hilltop overlooking
   the river so she could continue to wait forever.

   ''It's a great story, whether or not it's completely true,'' Mr.
   Clemente said. ''It fits right in with Weird New Jersey.''
   Continue reading the main story

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   He called his bandmates in Autumns Fall, and they convened for a
   rehearsal. In two hours they wrote ''A Place for Mary (1827),'' and the
   next day they recorded it. Their song is a tribute to both the Sad Lady
   of the Raritan and to the site of her grave, a plot of land that has
   changed hands and purposes many times since her death.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   ''Mary, the years have changed your world, but you've always held your
   ground,'' the song goes. ''You weathered storms with angels grace, even
   with your captain not around.''

   ''A Place for Mary (1827)'' was immediately accepted by Mark Sceurman
   of Bloomfield and Mark Moran of West Orange, the proprietors of Weird
   New Jersey. The CD, ''The Sounds of Weirdness,'' is a compilation of
   New Jersey pop groups singing about folklore and local history. The CD,
   which Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran describe as an audio companion to the
   magazine, was released in October. It is available in a number of
   independent record stores, and they have sold nearly 1,000 copies
   through the mail ($13 from Weird New Jersey, Post Office Box 1346,
   Bloomfield, NJ 07003; www.weirdnj.com).

   ''It's exactly the same concept as the magazine,'' Mr. Moran said.
   ''It's just a different way to tell a story.''

   To solicit songs, Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran sent fliers to Weird New
   Jersey subscribers and advertised in regional music-scene papers like
   The Aquarian Weekly, published in Montclair, where Mr. Sceurman works
   as an art director.

   They received 60 to 70 submissions. ''Some of them were pretty scary,''
   muttered the usually unflappable Mr. Sceurman. He and Mr. Moran
   selected 17 songs that, like the magazine, embrace New Jersey's untold
   stories.

   They range from snapshots of state oddities like ''Shades of Death
   Road'' and ''The Ballad of Fred (The Five-Legged Frog)'' to quotidian
   observations and news reports like ''Driving in New Jersey'' and
   ''Mystery Bullets Versus the Verona Kings,'' an account of the
   unexplained outbreak of stray bullets that plagued Verona in 1986. Each
   is rooted, in a very personal way, to a specific place in the state.

   Like the pages of Weird New Jersey, ''The Sounds of Weirdness'' is
   crowded with accounts of New Jersey's folk tales -- stories that have
   been passed down through the generations, often with a smirk. Updated
   for the late 20th century, these urban (and suburban) legends are at
   once sarcastic and reverent. Some of the songs play with schoolyard
   yarns like the Jersey Devil; others carefully document the ephemera of
   local history.

   ''The World's First Airshow (N. Arlington 1909),'' by a young group
   called Cosmic Avenger, is a psychedelic pop gem that recounts a proud
   moment in the history of the group's hometown. But the song's origins
   betray an attitude about historical research that is somewhat different
   from that of Mr. Clemente, or of Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   ''On the back of the library card from North Arlington Public Library,
   it says it's home of the world's first air show,'' said John Pompilio,
   who sang and played guitar on the song. ''So we just wrote the song
   about that.''

   Other artists on the CD include Electraluxx, a garage band that sings
   about its hometown, Garfield; Headwound, from Ringwood, singing about
   that perennial Weird New Jersey feature, Midgetville; R. Stevie Moore,
   a musical hermit who distributes his music on cassettes through the
   mail and has produced more than 230 tapes over the years (his ''New
   Jersey Games'' was recorded more than 20 years ago). There is even an
   appearance by a genuine rock star, Dennis Diken of the Smithereens,
   whose ad hoc group the Anthony Wayne Sound sings ''The Larry Doby
   Highway,'' about the Meadowlands' rechristened Patterson Plank Road.

   Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran also scattered excerpts from ''The Tube Bar
   Tapes'' throughout the CD. These legendary prank-call recordings --
   containing classics like ''Can I speak to Al Coholic?'' and ''Is this
   the party to whom I am speaking?'' (borrowed from Lily Tomlin) -- have
   circulated on bootleg tapes for years.

   The location of the Tube Bar and the identities of the callers has been
   a mystery for two decades, but Weird New Jersey broke the story last
   May in its 10th issue. The calls were made in 1975 and 1976 to the Tube
   Bar in Jersey City, which was near the Journal Square train PATH
   station; the callers, Jim Davidson and John Elmo, now live in Florida,
   driven out of state not by irate tavern owners, but by high taxes.

   ''The Sounds of Weirdness'' is more than simply an audio companion to
   the magazine. It is a compilation of unique voices from around the
   state, singing about local legends and the kind of history that usually
   has little chance of being recorded elsewhere.

   ''We are interested in actual sites, not just urban legends,'' Mr.
   Sceurman said.

   Mr. Moran added: ''Urban legends need to be brought up to date to tell
   people that right now they live in an incredibly interesting place.''
   Continue reading the main story

   We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

     
     
     
     

What's Next

   Loading...

   Go to Home Page »

Site Index The New York Times

Site Index Navigation

News

      World
      U.S.
      Politics
      N.Y.
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Education
      Obituaries
      Today's Paper
      Corrections

Opinion

      Today's Opinion
      Op-Ed Columnists
      Editorials
      Contributing Writers
      Op-Ed Contributors
      Opinionator
      Letters
      Sunday Review
      Taking Note
      Room for Debate
      Public Editor
      Video: Opinion

Arts

      Today's Arts
      Art  Design
      Books
      Dance
      Movies
      Music
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Television
      Theater
      Video: Arts

Living

      Automobiles
      Crossword
      Food
      Education
      Fashion  Style
      Health
      Jobs
      Magazine
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Real Estate
      T Magazine
      Travel
      Weddings  Celebrations

Listings  More

      Classifieds
      Tools  Services
      Times Topics
      Public Editor
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Blogs
      Multimedia
      Photography
      Video
      NYT Store
      Times Journeys
      Subscribe
      Manage My Account

Subscribe

      Subscribe
      Home Delivery
      Digital Subscriptions
      Times Insider
      Crossword

      Email Newsletters
      Alerts
      Gift Subscriptions
      Corporate Subscriptions
      Education Rate

      Mobile Applications
      Replica Edition

Site Information Navigation

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Home
      Search
      Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
      Contact Us
      Work With Us
      Advertise
      Your Ad Choices
      Privacy
      Terms of Service
      Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

      Site Map
      Help
      Site Feedback
      Subscriptions
<file=65>
    alternate alternate alternate JERSEYANA; Weirdest of All, the
   Magazine Has Caught On

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (Submit) Sections (Submit) Home (Submit) Search Skip to content Skip to
   navigation View mobile version

The New York Times

N.Y. / Region|JERSEYANA; Weirdest of All, the Magazine Has Caught On

   (Submit) Search
   (Submit) Subscribe Now (Submit) Log In (Submit) 0 (Submit) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
    (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (Submit) Go
    1. Loading...

   See next articles
   See previous articles

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Advertisement
   Supported by

N.Y. / Region | JERSEYANA

JERSEYANA; Weirdest of All, the Magazine Has Caught On

   By JACK SILBERTSEPT. 28, 2003
   Continue reading the main story Share This Page
   Continue reading the main story

   THEY are chroniclers of the creepy, bards of the bizarre.

   They are Mark Sceurman and Mark Moran, the two men who edit and publish
   Weird NJ, the magazine devoted to all things odd -- or most odd -- in
   New Jersey.

   Perhaps most odd, Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran -- a study in contrasts
   themselves -- seem almost too normal. The slender Mr. Moran, 42, who
   sports a soul patch, is loquacious, while the 46-year-old Mr. Sceurman,
   solidly built with an auburn goatee, is more taciturn.

   From abandoned asylums to colorful real-life characters past and
   present, to folk stories of ghosts, monsters, and aliens, Mr. Sceurman
   and Mr. Moran have created a journal of New Jersey's unwritten history.

   Their accumulated tales gain more permanence with a new book, ''Weird
   N.J.: Your Travel Guide to New Jersey's Local Legends and Best Kept
   Secrets'' (Silver Lining Books, $19.95).
   Continue reading the main story

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   ''It's a culmination of the last 10 years worth of magazine articles,''
   said Mr. Sceurman, ''except we rewrote and rephotographed everything,
   and actually did a little more research than the first time around.''

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   The 272-page compilation -- in hard cover and full color, from the
   Barnes  Noble imprint -- may come as a shock to longtime fans who
   recall Weird NJ's earliest and most primitive incarnation.

   As far back as 1989, Mr. Sceurman began cobbling together his odd
   newsletter.

   ''I collected oddball stories about New Jersey -- places I remembered
   my brother telling me about, like Albino Village,'' he said, referring
   to a fictional place said to be populated by fair-skinned freaks.

   Mr. Sceurman gave away the typewritten pages to his friends.

   ''If there were five people that wanted them,'' Mr. Moran said, ''he'd
   go down to the copy shop and run off five copies.''

   After an article on Mr. Sceurman's peculiar periodical appeared in The
   Record, demand suddenly increased.

   ''I had to put something together real quickly,'' Mr. Sceurman stated.
   ''I put together all these newsletters and called it an issue.''

   Mr. Moran -- or Mark II -- entered the picture in 1993, when the
   freelance graphic artist started contributing letters, drawings, and
   photographs to the magazine.

   Then in 1996, Rutgers University Press approached Mr. Sceurman about
   creating a Weird NJ book. But the manuscript he submitted, assembled
   with Mr. Moran's help, was met with a curt rejection notice.

   ''They sent us back a letter saying 'We can't publish this! This will
   compromise our standing in the academic community,''' Mr. Moran
   recalled.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   The snub only served as inspiration for the two Marks.

   ''That's what fueled our fire,'' Mr. Sceurman said. ''We thought, 'We
   can do it ourselves, and prove them wrong.' And we did.''

   In 1997, Mr. Sceurman invited Mr. Moran to be co-publisher, and
   together the pair set out to produce a full-fledged magazine. For
   starters, they took it to such bookstores as the Montclair Book Center
   and asked if it could be sold on consignment. The circulation began to
   build steadily: 500 copies of issues 4, 5, and 6 (now collectors' items
   on eBay), to 1,000 copies of issue 7, which added a new element --
   color on the cover.

   ''That was a big leap," said Mr. Moran. By issue 8, there were 2,000
   copies being printed, and the Marks decided to publish twice annually,
   in May and October, instead of just once.

   With each successive issue, circulation began to increase by about
   5,000 copies. The quality continued to improve as well -- thorough
   research, better graphics, more pages, and more contributions of odd
   tales from readers.

   ''It was a snowball effect,'' said Mr. Moran. ''As more people saw the
   magazine, we had more feedback from the general public. The magazine
   thrives off that. Everybody has at least one good story.''

   Booksellers, comic book shops, music stores, and others started asking
   if they could advertise in Weird NJ, according to the two men.

   While by no means a main revenue source, the money generated from a
   limited number of ads has allowed color to become more prevalent in the
   magazine (from 2 color pages in the 12th issue to 36 in the 20th),
   which costs $4 at the newsstand.

   From there the franchise grew to include a Web site, weirdnj.com; a
   video; a CD; special themed issues; T-shirts and hats' live
   appearances, and more. As evidenced by the popularity of Weird
   NJ-sponsored functions, a phenomenon of sorts was under way.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   Christine Zardecki of Highland Park, who attended one Halloween party
   put on by Weird NJ, said: ''We thought we had great costumes -- my
   friend was a dead ringer for Carrie. But we didn't even come close to
   the people that dressed up as the New Jersey icons, from the Jersey
   Devil to Clinton Road, that the magazine has uncovered and created.''

   It is difficult to classify the people who flock to Weird NJ events and
   keep the magazine's circulation rising. (The most recent issue sold
   55,000 copies; including back issues, 150,000 copies were sold in the
   past year.)

   ''We'll be doing a talk somewhere, and there will be 7-year-olds
   sitting on the floor at our feet, and in the crowd, right behind them,
   someone 90 years old,'' said Mr. Moran.

   ''And the goth kids,'' Mr. Sceurman interjected.

   With that, Mr. Moran continued: ''They can all relate to it. You
   wouldn't picture seeing some punk kid sitting next to some old lady in
   a group, and think that they have something in common, but they do.''

   To some extent, the diverse readership mirrors a state that lacks a
   clear identity. Perhaps the magazine's popularity underscores a desire
   for New Jersey to define itself by its very eccentricity.

   Doug Kirby, co-author with Ken Smith and Mike Wilkins of the book ''The
   New Roadside America,'' (Fireside/Simon  Schuster, 1992) knows how New
   Jersey's quirkiness quotient measures up to the rest of the nation.

   ''New Jersey offers a surprising number of offbeat sights for its size
   relative to other states -- a profusion of odd monuments, museums, and
   classic roadside attractions,'' Mr. Kirby said. ''As we've traveled the
   country, we've found every state has its own weird stories and legends,
   but the mania to chronicle them in New Jersey is particularly
   intense.''

   Yet with its relative success, Weird NJ is still very much a
   mom-and-pop, or rather, Mark-and-Mark, operation. The men work out of
   their homes: Mr. Sceurman's in Bloomfield, and Mr. Moran's in West
   Orange. Mr. Sceurman, who is also a co-owner of the Aquarian music
   weekly, handles the production tasks on Weird NJ, and Mr. Moran is
   responsible for the photography. Writing is divided between the two.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   The rest is kind of a family affair, with Mr. Sceurman's wife, Shirley,
   and her sister Susan dealing with the mail. And a part-time associate
   editor, Chris Gethard, came aboard three years ago.

   ''We get people all the time sending us résumés for jobs,'' Mr.
   Sceurman explained. ''I tell them, 'We don't even have an office!'''

   Then there are the deliveries. Though Weird NJ offers subscriptions,
   the vast majority of sales are at newsstands. The magazine is available
   in hundreds of chain and independent stores statewide as well as nearby
   towns in New York and Pennsylvania. Because of the personal
   relationships developed with these retailers, Mr. Sceurman and Mr.
   Moran deliver the magazine themselves.

   ''I went to a Tower Records in Cherry Hill and dropped off four boxes
   of issues,'' Mr. Moran recounted. ''They were, like, 'Aren't you the
   publisher?' I said, 'Yeah, who do you think is going to deliver
   this?'''

   But with the support of an enthusiastic publishing company, Mr.
   Sceurman and Mr. Moran will not have to deliver the new book
   themselves. Many publishers had contacted Weird NJ since the run-in
   with Rutgers University Press, but the Marks said they held out until
   the project could be done on their terms.

   ''It chronicles a lot of stuff that isn't around anymore,'' Mr. Moran
   said. ''We're documenting a culture that is fast disappearing in New
   Jersey.''

   Now that the ink is dry, Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran will hit the road
   for a 21-stop statewide book tour in October and November, and then
   it's on to the next issue, more books, perhaps, and any intriguing
   projects that come their way, including talks with television
   production companies.

   ''We dabbled in video, we dabbled in music,'' Mr. Sceurman said. ''I
   don't know what else there is to fool around with.''

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   Then he added with a smile, ''Maybe we'll make little car
   air-fresheners.''

   As the interview with Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran at the Harris Diner in
   East Orange wound down, a young married couple, Jann and J.G. Jones,
   approached the table. They recognized the two men, and wanted to say
   how much they enjoyed the magazine. The Joneses, who are both in the
   comic book industry, recently moved to West Orange from out-of-state
   and discovered Weird NJ when they saw Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran on the
   Travel Channel discussing the mysterious Clinton Road.

   ''I grew up in Florida, and there's no history there,'' Mrs. Jones
   said. ''When something gets old they just knock it down and build
   something else. Here, there's a lot of history behind everything. I
   find that really fascinating, the urban legends and the local myths.
   I'll read something in Weird NJ and ask my friends who grew up here to
   tell me about the Land of Make Believe, or Clinton Road, or
   Midgetville.''

   Before Mr. Sceurman and Mr. Moran left, Mrs. Jones pointed outside the
   window at the Crazy Walking Man of Harris Diner. ''He will just walk
   back and forth past the diner a lot,'' she described. ''We always joke
   that he should be in Weird NJ.''

   As Mr. Moran said, everybody has at least one good story.
   Continue reading the main story

   We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

     
     
     
     

What's Next

   Loading...

   Go to Home Page »

Site Index The New York Times

Site Index Navigation

News

      World
      U.S.
      Politics
      N.Y.
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Education
      Obituaries
      Today's Paper
      Corrections

Opinion

      Today's Opinion
      Op-Ed Columnists
      Editorials
      Contributing Writers
      Op-Ed Contributors
      Opinionator
      Letters
      Sunday Review
      Taking Note
      Room for Debate
      Public Editor
      Video: Opinion

Arts

      Today's Arts
      Art  Design
      Books
      Dance
      Movies
      Music
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Television
      Theater
      Video: Arts

Living

      Automobiles
      Crossword
      Food
      Education
      Fashion  Style
      Health
      Jobs
      Magazine
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Real Estate
      T Magazine
      Travel
      Weddings  Celebrations

Listings  More

      Classifieds
      Tools  Services
      Times Topics
      Public Editor
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Blogs
      Multimedia
      Photography
      Video
      NYT Store
      Times Journeys
      Subscribe
      Manage My Account

Subscribe

      Subscribe
      Home Delivery
      Digital Subscriptions
      Times Insider
      Crossword

      Email Newsletters
      Alerts
      Gift Subscriptions
      Corporate Subscriptions
      Education Rate

      Mobile Applications
      Replica Edition

Site Information Navigation

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Home
      Search
      Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
      Contact Us
      Work With Us
      Advertise
      Your Ad Choices
      Privacy
      Terms of Service
      Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

      Site Map
      Help
      Site Feedback
      Subscriptions
<file=66>
    alternate alternate alternate IN PERSON;Weird. Seriously Weird.

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (Submit) Sections (Submit) Home (Submit) Search Skip to content Skip to
   navigation View mobile version

The New York Times

N.Y. / Region|IN PERSON;Weird. Seriously Weird.

   (Submit) Search
   (Submit) Subscribe Now (Submit) Log In (Submit) 0 (Submit) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
    (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (Submit) Go
    1. Loading...

   See next articles
   See previous articles

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Advertisement
   Supported by

N.Y. / Region | IN PERSON

IN PERSON;Weird. Seriously Weird.

   By ANDY NEWMANMARCH 31, 1996
   Continue reading the main story Share This Page
   Continue reading the main story

   Mark Sceurman is looking for Midgetville.

   "I keep hearing these stories about this place," Mr. Sceurman said
   recently as he sat at his kitchen table here. "It's supposed to be two
   or three houses that were built for midgets, in Edgewater or somewhere
   in Bergen County. Really small houses, and even the stop signs were 8
   feet high instead of 12. I think it had something to do with the
   Ringling Brothers, who lived in Morris County."

   He furrowed his brow very slightly.

   "I've hit two spots so far and they've both been called Midgetville,
   but it's not the Midgetville I'm looking for."

   Little matter. Midgetville the place may well elude Mr. Sceurman
   forever, but Midgetville the concept has already been immortalized in
   Weird New Jersey magazine. For six years, Mr. Sceurman (pronounced
   SKER-man) has taken the fruits of a lifetime spent scouring the state
   in search of the unusual, the unexplained and the almost certainly
   untrue and crammed them all into the 32 black-and-white pages of an
   annual publication that combines the cheerful credulity of the Weekly
   World News with the boosterism of a local weekly paper.

   From the Lawn of a Thousand Milk Bottles in Buena to the Lawn of a
   Thousand Ornaments in Hackensack, Mr. Sceurman, with help from a small
   army of like-minded contributors, has seen most of it and written about
   it all. His is a New Jersey of 100-foot-tall toilets and
   muffler-wielding roadside giants and miniature castles rising from the
   swamps, a state where ghosts and U.F.O. sightings are as common as
   strip malls. The next issue of the magazine, which has a circulation of
   about 1,000, is due out in May, and Mr. Sceurman, who spends his days
   as art director for the Aquarian Weekly, a music-scene tabloid, is also
   working on a deluxe four-color Weird New Jersey map.
   Continue reading the main story

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   "I keep thinking I'll run out of things to write about," he said, "and
   then someone will send me a letter that there's a house in Vineland
   shaped like a teacup or a cookie jar. It never seems to end. There's a
   lot of things to see in New Jersey. Well, there's a lot of things in
   New Jersey. I don't know if you'd want to see them."

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   T HE first thing a visitor notices about Mr. Sceurman is how unweird he
   is. An easygoing, chunky 38-year-old with a light brown beard, he lives
   with his wife, Shirley, in a mostly orderly white house whose cluttered
   basement harbors no secret darker than a stuffed fish holding a stuffed
   bird in its mouth. He lives across the street from the house where he
   grew up, in a town whose claims to weirdness are modest: Bloomfield
   contains what Mr. Sceurman believes to be the smallest house in the
   state and is home to the Short Stop, a colorful diner specializing in
   eggs where Mr. Sceurman once had a rubber band shot into his
   over-easies.

   But Mr. Sceurman has had an unquenchable thirst for the bizarre ever
   since a drunken teen-age encounter with the Dead Nun of Morristown,
   encased behind glass along the side of the road. Eventually, he began
   sending out a newsletter to friends listing expeditions he planned. The
   newsletter also provided an outlet for the odd news clippings from
   around the state that Mr. Sceurman had been collecting in an enormous
   box for years ("Drunk Driver Runs Himself Over," and the like), and
   before he knew it Weird New Jersey was born.

   Mr. Sceurman is not merely a devotee of the kitschy and lurid, however.
   He considers himself a serious folklorist and roadside archeologist --
   he is president of the Bloomfield Historical Society -- and says his
   mission is to document precious cultural institutions that are quickly
   vanishing.

   "A lot of these roadside attractions are only around for a few years,"
   he said. "They either get plowed over by condominiums or they just get
   lost. That's what I'm trying to preserve in Weird New Jersey: the
   things you won't read about in history books."

   Indeed, many of Mr. Sceurman's favorite haunts have been destroyed in
   his lifetime.

   "In Vineland, there was this place called the Palace of Depression," he
   recalled. "This man named George Trainer built a whole big house out of
   junk -- car fenders, pitchforks, car parts, anything he could find --
   and busloads of people would come down and see it. Now it's torn down."

   Gone, too, is Mahalchik's 50 Acres, a colossal jumble of military junk
   decorated with the anti-government slogans of its owner, a cranky
   perennial Presidential candidate, along Route 206 in Burlington County.
   Likewise the Leaning Tower of Pizza on Route 22. Even the Dead Nun of
   Morristown has been retired; the site's keepers had apparently had
   enough of uninvited late-night tourists.

   Mr. Sceurman understands that excessive attention can ruin weird spots
   for everyone, and he is careful to leave directions to certain
   sensitive sites, especially those on private property, a bit sketchy.

   "Trespassing is a horrible crime, and you should definitely never do
   it," he said. "At least, not in the daytime."

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   But the call of the wild still comes, and then the Scuermans and a few
   friends pile into his Jeep in search of new frontiers.

   "Sometime next week I'm going down to see a deserted village in the
   Watchung Mountains," he said on Wednesday. "A friend of mine who's been
   doing some research there told me about it. I'm also going to see Tilt
   Street in Haledon, the steepest street in New Jersey. 'So steep the
   sidewalks are steps!' "

   On less tangible phenomena like the Indian Curse Road of Gloucester
   County or bigfoot sightings in the northwest corner of the state (there
   have been many), Mr. Sceurman takes his cue from the International
   Fortean Organization, a group founded by a specialist in the
   paranormal, Charles Forte, and passes them on to readers without
   verification.

   "It's kind of hard to document legends," he said. "I guess if I went to
   the library and looked it up I could do that, but I don't. If somebody
   writes it in and I like it and it sounds funny or weird, then I'll put
   it in."

   Mr. Sceurman is an agnostic on the subject of U.F.O.'s but said he had
   heard too many credible ghost stories -- and seen one too many
   inexplicably jiggling doorknobs -- to doubt the presence of a world
   beyond.

   "I don't think that this life is all there is," he said. "I believe
   there are ghosts, some kind of lost spirit of something that's not
   settled. There's definitely something there."

   Issue No. 7 will include an interview with Bob Warth of Little
   Silver-based Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained, a man
   whose world view even Mr. Sceurman describes as "pretty far out."

   "This guy claims that there are actually two kinds of bigfoots," Mr.
   Sceurman explained, "the ones that are related to U.F.O.'s and the ones
   in northwest New Jersey. His theory is that these U.F.O.-related
   bigfoots are like biological robots."

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   He is also planning a feature on a lost tribe of Woodbridge that
   produced a series of wood sculptures recently exhibited at the Newark
   Museum.

   "People think these folks were Hessian traders from the Revolutionary
   War who withdrew to the woods," he said. "They had a churchlike
   structure where people would go to get healed. Now it's the parking lot
   of Fortunoff's at the Woodbridge Mall."

   Although he relies heavily on tips from fellow curiosity-seekers ("the
   guys who wrote the book 'Roadside America' are going to put me in touch
   with a guy in West Milford who's built a backwards time-travel car"),
   Mr. Sceurman has found some of his favorite places simply by walking
   into a diner in a strange town and asking, "Is there anything weird
   around here?"

   "If I won the lottery," he said, "I'd open up a diner and cater to the
   4:30 A.M.-to-noon crowd, garbage men and people like that. That's where
   you get the best stories."

   Weird New Jersey can be reached at P.O. Box 1346, Bloomfield, N.J.,
   07003, or by e-mail at markatwnj
   Continue reading the main story

   We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

     
     
     
     

What's Next

   Loading...

   Go to Home Page »

Site Index The New York Times

Site Index Navigation

News

      World
      U.S.
      Politics
      N.Y.
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Education
      Obituaries
      Today's Paper
      Corrections

Opinion

      Today's Opinion
      Op-Ed Columnists
      Editorials
      Contributing Writers
      Op-Ed Contributors
      Opinionator
      Letters
      Sunday Review
      Taking Note
      Room for Debate
      Public Editor
      Video: Opinion

Arts

      Today's Arts
      Art  Design
      Books
      Dance
      Movies
      Music
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Television
      Theater
      Video: Arts

Living

      Automobiles
      Crossword
      Food
      Education
      Fashion  Style
      Health
      Jobs
      Magazine
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Real Estate
      T Magazine
      Travel
      Weddings  Celebrations

Listings  More

      Classifieds
      Tools  Services
      Times Topics
      Public Editor
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Blogs
      Multimedia
      Photography
      Video
      NYT Store
      Times Journeys
      Subscribe
      Manage My Account

Subscribe

      Subscribe
      Home Delivery
      Digital Subscriptions
      Times Insider
      Crossword

      Email Newsletters
      Alerts
      Gift Subscriptions
      Corporate Subscriptions
      Education Rate

      Mobile Applications
      Replica Edition

Site Information Navigation

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Home
      Search
      Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
      Contact Us
      Work With Us
      Advertise
      Your Ad Choices
      Privacy
      Terms of Service
      Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

      Site Map
      Help
      Site Feedback
      Subscriptions
<file=67>
    alternate alternate alternate POP REVIEW; My, My, It's the Parody
   Guy: Ever Joking, Ever Poking . . .

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (Submit) Sections (Submit) Home (Submit) Search Skip to content Skip to
   navigation View mobile version

The New York Times

Arts|POP REVIEW; My, My, It's the Parody Guy: Ever Joking, Ever Poking . . .

   (Submit) Search
   (Submit) Subscribe Now (Submit) Log In (Submit) 0 (Submit) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
    (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (Submit) Go
    1. Loading...

   See next articles
   See previous articles

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Advertisement
   Supported by

Arts | POP REVIEW

POP REVIEW; My, My, It's the Parody Guy: Ever Joking, Ever Poking . . .

   By JON PARELESFEB. 9, 2000
   Continue reading the main story Share This Page
   Continue reading the main story

   Weird Al Yankovic, who brought his song parodies to the Beacon Theater
   on Sunday night, belongs to an era when no form of entertainment stands
   alone. In a merrily recursive tangle, songs become videos shown on
   television to promote movies gaining attention for albums connected to
   tours and T-shirt sales.

   Mr. Yankovic isn't the biggest, the most ingenious or the wildest
   purveyor of cross-marketing efforts, but he may well be the most
   persistent. In a career fertilized by MTV, he has been lightly mocking
   entertainment products for two decades.

   Like Mad magazine he has no particular animus; he's after silliness,
   not pointed satire. He latches onto a pop hit, copies the costumes from
   the video and comes up with an alternate set of lyrics.

   Onstage he and his band changed costumes for nearly every song. He was
   a writhing Trent Reznor worried about ''Germs,'' a mumbling Kurt Cobain
   and a mock Elvis handing scarves to fans as he performed a suffering
   love song: ''I'd rather rip out my intestines with a fork,'' he sang,
   holding up a fork, ''than watch you go out with other men.''

   Parodies take time, and Mr. Yankovic has a problem staying current amid
   pop's ever-shrinking careers. Pop circa 1999 begs for lampoons of Ricky
   Martin and Limp Bizkit, but Mr. Yankovic was still singing about Eddie
   Vedder.

   Mr. Yankovic's recurring jokes are the polka and food. Michael
   Jackson's ''Bad'' became ''Fat,'' Alanis Morissette's ''Thank U'' had
   its lyrics replaced by fast-food jingles. He's better when he warps a
   song's context: turning Coolio's ''Gangsta Paradise'' into ''Amish
   Paradise'' or remaking Madonna's ''Like a Virgin'' as ''Like a
   Surgeon.'' In the best song on Mr. Yankovic's 1999 album ''Running with
   Scissors'' (Volcano), Puff Daddy's ''It's All About the Benjamins''
   becomes ''It's All About the Pentiums,'' exchanging hip-hop boasts for
   geek pride: ''While your computer's crashin', mine's multitaskin'.''

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   He and his fans seemed happiest when he did his own media tie-ins,
   using a pop tune to sing about a movie or television show. He recast
   Barenaked Ladies' ''One Week'' as a tribute to Jerry Springer and had
   two ''Star Wars'' summaries: ''Yoda,'' set to the Kinks' ''Lola,'' and
   ''The Saga Begins,'' retelling ''The Phantom Menace'' to Don McLean's
   ''American Pie.'' Among the video clips between songs were mentions of
   Mr. Yankovic from David Letterman and ''The Flintstones,'' the proof,
   finally, that he's a media figure in his own right.
   Continue reading the main story

   We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

     
     
     
     

What's Next

   Loading...

   Go to Home Page »

Site Index The New York Times

Site Index Navigation

News

      World
      U.S.
      Politics
      N.Y.
      Business
      Tech
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Education
      Obituaries
      Today's Paper
      Corrections

Opinion

      Today's Opinion
      Op-Ed Columnists
      Editorials
      Contributing Writers
      Op-Ed Contributors
      Opinionator
      Letters
      Sunday Review
      Taking Note
      Room for Debate
      Public Editor
      Video: Opinion

Arts

      Today's Arts
      Art  Design
      Books
      Dance
      Movies
      Music
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Television
      Theater
      Video: Arts

Living

      Automobiles
      Crossword
      Food
      Education
      Fashion  Style
      Health
      Jobs
      Magazine
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Real Estate
      T Magazine
      Travel
      Weddings  Celebrations

Listings  More

      Classifieds
      Tools  Services
      Times Topics
      Public Editor
      N.Y.C. Events Guide
      Blogs
      Multimedia
      Photography
      Video
      NYT Store
      Times Journeys
      Subscribe
      Manage My Account

Subscribe

      Subscribe
      Home Delivery
      Digital Subscriptions
      Times Insider
      Crossword

      Email Newsletters
      Alerts
      Gift Subscriptions
      Corporate Subscriptions
      Education Rate

      Mobile Applications
      Replica Edition

Site Information Navigation

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Home
      Search
      Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
      Contact Us
      Work With Us
      Advertise
      Your Ad Choices
      Privacy
      Terms of Service
      Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

      Site Map
      Help
      Site Feedback
      Subscriptions
<file=68>

   campaign: abtestbar1pricinginyt1116 -- 284918, creative:
       abtestpricinginyt1116bar1ad -- 415335, page:
       www.nytimes.com/archive/article/archives, targetedPage:
       www.nytimes.com/archive/article, position: Bar1

     Log In

     Register Now

     Help

      Home Page
      Today's Paper
      Video
      Most Popular

   Edition: U.S. / Global

   Search All NYTimes.com  Search
   New York Times

      World
      U.S.
      N.Y. / Region
      Business
      Technology
      Science
      Health
      Sports
      Opinion
      Arts
      Style
      Travel
      Jobs
      Real Estate
      Autos

Article Preview

THE CASE OF THE WEIRD SISTERS. By Charlotte Armstrong. 279 pp. New York:
Coward-McCann. $2.

      Sign In to E-Mail
      Permissions

By ISAAC ANDERSON ();

January 17, 1943,

, Section BOOK REVIEW, Page BR24, Column , words

   [ DISPLAYING ABSTRACT ]

   ONE of the three Whitlock sisters is blind, another is deaf and the
   third has lost an arm, but it is not their infirmities that make them
   weird. It goes far deeper than that, as Alice Brennan learns during the
   few days she spends in their house as an unwelcome guest.
   [300.jpg]

   January 17, 1943

   Thank you for visiting The New York Times archive.

   New York Times subscribers enjoy full access to TimesMachine—view 129
   years of New York Times journalism, as it originally appeared. 99¢ for
   your first 4 weeks.

   Or, purchase this article individually for $3.95 and download a
   high-resolution PDF.
   Subscribe
   Buy Article

    Does not include NYT Now or Premium Crosswords subscribers.

   Already a subscriber? Log in to view this article »

MOST POPULAR

      E-Mailed
      Searched
      Viewed

    1. ISIS Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Nightclub Attack
    2. Op-Ed Columnist: A Month Without Sugar
    3. Op-Ed Columnist: America Becomes a Stan
    4. Gray Matter: How to Become a ‘Superager’
    5. Contributing Op-Ed Writer: Barack Obama and Me
    6. How Much Sugar Can You Avoid Today?
    7. Uncertain Harvest: Scientists Loved and Loathed by an Agrochemical
       Giant
    8. On Campus: Leave Your Laptops at the Door to My Classroom
    9. The Best Time to Retune Your Career? It’s Probably Right Now
   10. How to form healthy habits in your 20s

   Go to Complete List »
    1. june 10, 2012
    2. china
    3. teacher job bill
    4. google
    5. facebook
    6. food and fadwa
    7. tony awards
    8. mad men
    9. maureen dowd
   10. paul krugman

   Go to Complete List »
    1. Mariah Carey’s Manager Blames Producers for New Year’s Eve Debacle
    2. With No Warning, House Republicans Vote to Gut Independent Ethics
       Office
    3. David Leonhardt: A Month Without Sugar
    4. Paul Krugman: America Becomes a Stan
    5. Opinion: Hipsters Broke My Gaydar
    6. Critic's Notebook: Mariah Carey Smiles and Glitters Through a New
       Year’s Eve TV Fiasco
    7. Editorial: Why Corporations Are Helping Donald Trump Lie About Jobs
    8. Opinion: Nixon’s Vietnam Treachery
    9. Gray Matter: How to Become a ‘Superager’
   10. Contributing Op-Ed Writer: Barack Obama and Me

   Go to Complete List »
   [mothreverse.gif]   [mothforward.gif]

Inside NYTimes.com

Health »

   Too Hot to Handle

Too Hot to Handle

Arts »

   The Harmony of Liberty

The Harmony of Liberty

Opinion »

Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?

   Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open
   their land to all comers.

Sports »

   A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray

A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray

Opinion »

   Menagerie: Streaming Eagles

Menagerie: Streaming Eagles

U.S. »

   Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat

Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat

Television »

The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time

Book Review »

Command Performance

Opinion »

Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans

World »

Reading, Writing and Allegations

Opinion »

Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal

   New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.

Business »

Vice Has Media Giants Salivating

      © 2017 The New York Times Company
      Site Map
      Privacy
      Your Ad Choices
      Advertise
      Terms of Sale
      Terms of Service
      Work With Us
      RSS
      Help
      Contact Us
      Site Feedback

   DCSIMG

   [amp;t=amp;s=0amp;ui=amp;r=amp;u=query.nytimes.com2Fgst2Fabstrac
   t.html]
   [76e2b245Q2Feeeeee3e3EQ7EQ60EQ25IQ24Q23eeeeeeee3Q5CEQ60uQ25Q24eQ23eeeQ2
   5GgIQ60Q23Iu] Campaign ID: 283468 | Creative:
   nyt2016personalizationB2Bcookiesetterv4 -- 414693 | Page:
   www.nytimes.com/archive/article/archives / Targeted Page:
   www.nytimes.com/archive/article | Position: Inv2
<file=69>

   campaign: abtest_bar1_pricing_inyt_1116 -- 284918, creative:
       abtest_pricing_inyt_1116_bar1_ad -- 415335, page:
       www.nytimes.com/archive/article/archives, targetedPage:
       www.nytimes.com/archive/article, position: Bar1

     Log In

     Register Now

     Help

     * Home Page
     * Today's Paper
     * Video
     * Most Popular

   Edition: U.S. / Global

   Search All NYTimes.com ____________________ Search
   New York Times

     * World
     * U.S.
     * N.Y. / Region
     * Business
     * Technology
     * Science
     * Health
     * Sports
     * Opinion
     * Arts
     * Style
     * Travel
     * Jobs
     * Real Estate
     * Autos

MEDIA DECODER; Yankovic Sues Sony Over Online Royalties

By BEN SISARIO

Published: April 3, 2012

   Adding to the recent wave of artists suing record companies over online
   royalties, ''Weird Al'' Yankovic has sued Sony Music Entertainment,
   saying he is owed more than $5 million. In the suit, filed Friday at
   United States District Court in Manhattan, Mr. Yankovic says the
   company underpaid him for videos and other expenses, and also
   incorrectly counted downloads of his music as ''sales'' rather than as
   ''licenses,'' which pay a higher royalty rate.

   He also asks for money from industry settlements with Napster, Kazaa,
   Grokster and other file-sharing services, and says he is owed $2.5
   million from Sony's share of the sale of YouTube in 2006. Sony,
   Universal and the Warner Music Group had owned a stake in YouTube, and
   when that company was sold to Google for $1.65 billion, the labels made
   a reported $50 million.

   Sony, which declined to comment on Mr. Yankovic's case, last month
   offered an $8 million settlement with musicians in a class-action
   lawsuit over digital royalties.

   Songwriter Royalties Are Up in Britain: Thanks to a growth in digital
   music sales and the popularity of British artists overseas, songwriters
   and publishers there enjoyed a slight gain in royalties last year. PRS
   for Music, a collecting agency, had just over $1 billion in revenue, up
   3.2 percent from 2010, the group announced. (After expenses, the agency
   distributed $893 million to its members.) Publishing royalties from
   record sales fell 13.3 percent, but money from online sales jumped 45.3
   percent, to $62 million, and PRS's international collections grew 10.6
   percent, to $301 million.

   In one sign of the times, songwriters in Britain now earn more from
   digital music than from the performance of their music in pubs.

   An App Festival Returns: The iHeartRadio Music Festival, a two-day
   event in Las Vegas to promote Clear Channel Communications' radio app,
   will return for a second year on Sept. 21 and 22 at the MGM Grand, the
   company announced. Last year's inaugural festival featured Lady Gaga,
   Coldplay, Black Eyed Peas and Kelly Clarkson, among others.

   This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared
   in print.

   PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY CHAD BATKA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

   [moth_reverse.gif]   [moth_forward.gif]

Inside NYTimes.com

Health »

   Too Hot to Handle

Too Hot to Handle

Arts »

   The Harmony of Liberty

The Harmony of Liberty

Opinion »

Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?

   Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open
   their land to all comers.

Sports »

   A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray

A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray

Opinion »

   Menagerie: Streaming Eagles

Menagerie: Streaming Eagles

U.S. »

   Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat

Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat

Television »

The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time

Book Review »

Command Performance

Opinion »

Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans

World »

Reading, Writing and Allegations

Opinion »

Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal

   New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.

Business »

Vice Has Media Giants Salivating

     * © 2017 The New York Times Company
     * Site Map
     * Privacy
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Advertise
     * Terms of Sale
     * Terms of Service
     * Work With Us
     * RSS
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * Site Feedback

   DCSIMG

   [&amp;t=&amp;s=0&amp;ui=&amp;r=&amp;u=query.nytimes.com%2Fgst%2Ffullpag
   e.html]
   [a07c4538Q2FSSSSSSHSHm6utNtBbSSSSSSSSHNHktSSQ3BbSSS8HUQ3AHb8Q3B]
   Campaign ID: 283468 | Creative:
   nyt2016_personalization_B2B_cookiesetter_v4 -- 414693 | Page:
   www.nytimes.com/archive/article/archives / Targeted Page:
   www.nytimes.com/archive/article | Position: Inv3
