   publisher Express.co.uk World RSS Feed

   [p?c1=2c2=12961652cv=2.0cj=1] Daily Express Search

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. expresslogo

    (Submit)
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed

   Daily
   Horoscope Our
   Apps Top
   10 Our
   Paper Paper
   Archive
   Weather 0°

   London
      HOME
      News
      Showbiz  TV
      Sport
      Comment
      Finance
      Travel
      Entertainment
      Life  Style

      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

      Home
      News
      World
      Hillary Clinton aide brands her WEIRD in damning leaked email

Hillary Clinton aide brands her WEIRD in damning leaked email

FRESH embarrassment was heaped on Hillary Clinton today as new leaked emails
revealed one of her closest allies blasting her as WEIRD.

   By Rebecca Perring Rebecca Perring
   PUBLISHED: 19:24, Tue, Oct 25, 2016
   | UPDATED: 21:44, Tue, Oct 25, 2016

   Hillary Clinton and John Podesta
   GETTY Hillary Clinton and John Podesta

   WikiLeaks, which notoriously publishes private and classified
   information, released the stolen e-mail which describes the
   presidential hopeful’s over-laughter as “authentic weirdness”.

   According to the e-mail from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s
   gmail account, strategist Luke Albee says: “She sometimes laughs a
   little too hard at jokes that aren’t that funny.”

   To which, Mr Podesta replies: “Laughing too hard is her authentic
   weirdness.”

   The Clinton camp have previously neither confirmed nor denied the
   veracity of the e-mails published by WikiLeaks.

Related articles

      High Street Kensington on LOCKDOWN after 'suspicious package' found
      RAF jets scrambled to intercept Russian bombers TWICE in one week

   Hillary Clinton and John Podesta GETTY
   John Podesta described Clinton's laugh as 'authentic'

     Laughing too hard is her authentic weirdness

     John Podesta

   Mrs Clinton’s over laughing has been used to fuel conspiracy theories
   about her health - some suggest laughter at inappropriate moments is
   proof she suffered a neurological or psychological problem.

   Damning e-mails also reveal how President Barack Obama knew about Mrs
   Clinton’s private e-mails while claiming he didn’t.

   In an interview in March 2015, when asked when he learned about Mrs
   Clinton’s use of “an email system outside the US government for
   official business”, Mr Obama replied: “The same time everybody else
   learned it, through news reports.”

   However in a hacked March 7 2015 e-mail released by WikiLeaks, Clinton
   spokesman Josh Schwerin says: “You probably have more on this.

   But it looks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her
   personal email when he saw it in the news.

   Hillary Clinton laughing GETTY
   Details about Hillary Clinton's campaign have come out in the leaked
   emails

Hillary Clinton in pictures

   Wed, November 30, 2016

Express Pictures looks at the extraordinary life of Hillary Clinton.

   Play slideshow
   (L-R) Pamela Fiori, Hillary Clinton, Katy Perry, and Caryl Stern speak
   on stage during the 12th annual UNICEF Snowflake Ball at Cipriani Wall
   Street on November 29, 2016 in New York City.
   Getty Images for UNICEF
   1 of 40

   (L-R) Pamela Fiori, Hillary Clinton, Katy Perry, and Caryl Stern speak
   on stage during the 12th annual UNICEF Snowflake Ball at Cipriani Wall
   Street on November 29, 2016 in New York City.

   US President Barack Obama GETTY
   The emails suggest President Obama knew about Clinton's use of emails
   outside business

   Mrs Clinton’s former chief of staff at the State Department, Cheryl
   Mills immediately replied in a private email to Mr Podesta saying: “We
   need to clean this up. He has emails to her - they do not say
   state.gov.”

   The e-mails also discussed how to react Bill Clinton’s sexual assault
   allegations and boosting Mrs Clinton’s public image.

   They also shed some light on the frayed relationship with long-term
   aide Doug Band after he branded the Clintons’ daughter as “spoiled
   brat”.

   Commenting on the veracity of the documents her spokesman Glen Caplin
   said: “We are not going to confirm the authenticity of stolen documents
   released by Julian Assange who has made no secret of his desire to
   damage Hillary Clinton."

Related articles

      Sweden crumbles under open-door migrant policy
      Orangutan escapes enclosure - zoo on LOCKDOWN
      Muslim toy store: Shop selling hijarbies opens to tackle extremism

   Hillary Clinton

  Most read in World

      1
       'Time to act' Italy calls for mass migrant deportations as half a
       million refugees arrive

'Time to act' Italy calls for mass migrant deportations as half a million
refugees arrive
      2
       CHAOS IN GERMANY: Migrant sex attacks and fireworks thrown at
       POLICE during NYE events

CHAOS IN GERMANY: Migrant sex attacks and fireworks thrown at POLICE during
NYE events
      3
       More than 250 rioters SMASH kebab shop after 'group of Arab men
       stab young local to death'

More than 250 rioters SMASH kebab shop after 'group of Arab men stab young
local to death'
      4
       Cardinal who could be next Pope warns not to judge Donald Trump -
       but blasts Brexit

Cardinal who could be next Pope warns not to judge Donald Trump - but blasts
Brexit
      5
       Soros' bleak 2017 forecast: Billionaire warns EU will FALL after
       elite 'STOLE democracy'

Soros' bleak 2017 forecast: Billionaire warns EU will FALL after elite 'STOLE
democracy'

  Latest videos

   Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead suspect ISIS
   terrorism

Chilling footage shows 'Istanbul ISIS gunman' taking SELFIE VIDEO before club
massacre

   French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's Eve arson attack
   increase Le-Pen

French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars
set on fire

   Celebrity Big Brother 2017 James Jordan ‘It was made for me’

Celebrity Big Brother 2017: ‘It was made for me’ James Jordan talks shock
return

   Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear missile weapon threat
   Twitter it won't happen

'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile
threat to the US

   The Archers Sara Coward dying Caroline Sterling alive Michael Cochrane
   wife

The Archers: Terminally ill Sara Coward asks for Caroline Sterling
replacement after death

   Merkel saviour Europe left wing Emmanuel Macron France President
   immigration Germany Merkel saviour Europe left wing Emmanuel Macron
   France President immigration Germany

'Merkel's a SAVIOUR' French presidential hopeful hails German open-door
immigration policy

   Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead suspect ISIS
   terrorism Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead
   suspect ISIS terrorism

Chilling footage shows 'Istanbul ISIS gunman' taking SELFIE VIDEO before club
massacre

   Syria asylum seeker Saarland Germany money ISIS non Muslim attack
   Merkel Berlin Amri Syria asylum seeker Saarland Germany money ISIS non
   Muslim attack Merkel Berlin Amri

Asylum-seeker arrested for 'BEGGING ISIS for more than £150,000 to help kill
non-Muslims'

   Iceland EU referendum coalition government European Union Iceland EU
   referendum coalition government European Union

ICEIN? Iceland 'to hold referendum whether to JOIN crumbling EU' as new
government forms

   French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's Eve arson attack
   increase Le-Pen French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's
   Eve arson attack increase Le-Pen

French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars
set on fire

   Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear missile weapon threat
   Twitter it won't happen Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear
   missile weapon threat Twitter it won't happen

'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile
threat to the US

   Commemorations Belgium mark centenary Passchendaele battle
   Commemorations Belgium mark centenary Passchendaele battle

Commemorations to be held in Belgium to mark centenary of Passchendaele
battle

   Coalition Service Member US Fighting Islamic State ISIS killed Iraq
   Coalition Service Member US Fighting Islamic State ISIS killed Iraq

British soldier fighting ISIS in Iraq dies in incident 'not as result of
enemy activity'

   old person dies falling down cruise ship ventilation shaft lays
   undiscovered two months old person dies falling down cruise ship
   ventilation shaft lays undiscovered two months

OAP dies after falling down cruise ship ventilation shaft and isn't found for
TWO months

   2017 predictions world events elections shape politics this year US
   Europe Syria 2017 predictions world events elections shape politics
   this year US Europe Syria

2017 SHOCK PREDICTIONS: How eight key global events could CHANGE the world
this year

     Daily Express

   George Soros EU 2017 forecast democracy George Soros EU 2017 forecast
   democracy

Soros' bleak 2017 forecast: Billionaire warns EU will FALL after elite 'STOLE
democracy'

   Italy eurozone euro quit Lira economy Italy eurozone euro quit Lira
   economy

Return of the LIRA: Italy WILL quit the eurozone in 2017, top German
economist warns

   Polish rioters smash kebab shop arab men stab young local Elk male
   Polish rioters smash kebab shop arab men stab young local Elk male

More than 250 rioters SMASH kebab shop after 'group of Arab men stab young
local to death'

   Berlin terror attack Anis Amri played asylum system Germany security
   services Berlin terror attack Anis Amri played asylum system Germany
   security services

Berlin Christmas market attacker ‘played’ asylum system - but agency denies
any fault

   http://games.express.co.uk/quizzes-games?game=arkadiuminc13/a-which-wor
   ld-leader-are-you

   China schoolgirl trapped glass doors friends Mojiang County Special
   Education College China schoolgirl trapped glass doors friends Mojiang
   County Special Education College

Trapped Chinese schoolgirl needs firemen to rescue her after sick joke goes
terribly wrong

   Catholic cardinal Christoph Schoenborn judge Donald Trump brexit
   Christian Middle East Catholic cardinal Christoph Schoenborn judge
   Donald Trump brexit Christian Middle East

Cardinal who could be next Pope warns not to judge Donald Trump - but blasts
Brexit

   Property price crash financial crisis market slow down Brexit Property
   price crash financial crisis market slow down Brexit

Fears of global property price crash amid 'dangerous' market slow-down

   donald trump biographer harry hurt criticalgolf course rough comments
   donald trump biographer harry hurt criticalgolf course rough comments

Trump kicks biographer off golf course for 'rough' treatment in his book

   Australia New Years Eve celebration Adelaide Police arrests riot
   vandalism Australia New Years Eve celebration Adelaide Police arrests
   riot vandalism

Shocking New Years Eve celebrations lead to street chaos as 140 people are
arrested

   Migrants dirty protest throw faeces prisons Germany Migrants dirty
   protest throw faeces prisons Germany

Prisons desperate as migrants stage ‘dirty protests’ and throw FAECES at
guards

   brazil prison riot 60 killed rival gangs manaus amazon jungle brazil
   prison riot 60 killed rival gangs manaus amazon jungle

60 killed in prison riot between rival gangs in Amazon jungle

   migration trends 2017 things impact immigration this year predictions
   migrant crisis migration trends 2017 things impact immigration this
   year predictions migrant crisis

Migration trends 2017: Six things which will have a huge impact on
immigration this year

   Egyptian man filmed half naked CCTV attempted rape tourist Rome Italy
   hotel Egyptian man filmed half naked CCTV attempted rape tourist Rome
   Italy hotel

Egyptian man filmed half naked after trying to rape tourist in hotel room

   Egemen Bagis slams EU over Istanbul terror attack Egemen Bagis slams EU
   over Istanbul terror attack

'We need SUPPORT!' Ex-Turkish MP hits out at EU in wake of Istanbul terror
attacks

   Auschwitz holocaust visitors record number 2016 Auschwitz holocaust
   visitors record number 2016

Record number of more than two million people visited Auschwitz in 2016

   angela merkel donald trump davos world economic forum angela merkel
   donald trump davos world economic forum

Merkel to skip World Economic Forum for SECOND year running 'to avoid Trump
questions'

   barack obama what do next president white house michelle biography
   barack obama what do next president white house michelle biography

Obama: Last days in the White House – what next for the man who was
President?

   russian royal family winter palace wardrobe on sale russian royal
   family winter palace wardrobe on sale

Russian royal family's Winter Palace fancy wardrobe on sale for £98,000

   Gunman kills 12 people son ex-wife New Year's Eve party Brazil Gunman
   kills 12 people son ex-wife New Year's Eve party Brazil

Gunman kills 12, including son and ex-wife, as New Year's Eve party turns
into bloodbath

   germany terror attack man syria arrested police cars drive into crowds
   new years eve germany terror attack man syria arrested police cars
   drive into crowds new years eve

Syrian man 'planned to use POLICE CARS to ram into crowds' in Germany NYE
terror attack

   Myanmar video police beat Muslin Rohingya villagers Myanmar video
   police beat Muslin Rohingya villagers

Investigation launched after video emerges of police beating Muslim villagers

   Venice canals dry: Extremely low tide sees gondolas beached in canals
   Venice canals dry: Extremely low tide sees gondolas beached in canals

Venice canals RUN DRY: Extremely rare low tide sees gondolas beached on muddy
banks

   ISIS Istanbul terror attack survivor ISIS Istanbul terror attack
   survivor

Istanbul nightclub survivor PLAYED DEAD to avoid being killed by ISIS gunman

   ISIS suicide bomber hits Baghdad Iraq market ISIS suicide bomber hits
   Baghdad Iraq market

Barbaric video captures moment ISIS suicide bomber strikes Iraqi market

   Germany scrap minimum wage refugee migrant workers internships Germany
   scrap minimum wage refugee migrant workers internships

Germany considers SCRAPPING minimum wage for refugee and migrant workers

   ISIS Turkey Istanbul New Year bombing Syria ISIS Turkey Istanbul New
   Year bombing Syria

Turkey fights back: ISIS targets obliterated by jets after New Year's club
attack

   SEARCH

    (Submit)

   CONNECT WITH US
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed
      Check our YouTube channel

   TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Tuesday, 3rd January 2017

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

   News
      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

   UK Politics
      Political Parties
      Politicians
      Constituencies
      EU Referendum

   Sport
      Football
      Transfer news
      UFC
      F1
      Boxing
      Cricket
      Golf
      Tennis
      Rugby Union
      Other
      Racing

   Pics
      Pictures
      Celebrity Galleries
      Royal Galleries
      Sport Galleries

   Vids
      Videos

   Comment
      Express Comment
      Columnists
      Beachcomber

   Finance
      City  Business
      Personal Finance
      Retirement
      The Crusader

   Travel
      Cruise
      Activity Holidays
      Beach Holidays
      Short  City breaks
      Travel News

   Entertainment
      Films
      Gaming
      Theatre
      Books
      Music
      Puzzles

   Puzzles
      Horoscope
      Offers
      Competitions
      Bingo
      Jackpot Millions

   Life  Style
      Health
      Cars
      Life
      Garden
      Food
      Style
      Diets
      Win
      Tech
      Property
      Saturday
      S Mag
      Top 10 Facts

   EXPRESS.CO.UK
      Sitemap
      Site Archive
      Contact Us
      Advertising
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Terms  Conditions
      Design by Netro42
      Syndication and Licensing
      Clarifications and Corrections

      Daily Star
      OK! Magazine
      new! Magazine
      Star Magazine
      Health Lottery

   Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express"
   is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
