   publisher Express.co.uk Weird RSS Feed

   [p?c1=2c2=12961652cv=2.0cj=1] Daily Express Search

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. expresslogo

    (Submit)
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed

   Daily
   Horoscope Our
   Apps Top
   10 Our
   Paper Paper
   Archive
   Weather 0°

   London
      HOME
      News
      Showbiz  TV
      Sport
      Comment
      Finance
      Travel
      Entertainment
      Life  Style

      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

      Home
      News
      Weird
      Meteor or alien ship? Mystery surrounds bright green 'orb' spotted
       in the sky

Meteor or alien ship? Mystery surrounds bright green 'orb' spotted in the sky

MYSTERY surrounds a bright green “orb” which was filmed flying over Japan.

   By Ajay Nair
   PUBLISHED: 09:47, Wed, Nov 2, 2016
   | UPDATED: 09:51, Wed, Nov 2, 2016

   IFRAME:
   //players.brightcove.net/2540076170001/NykPWQNaldefault/index.html?vid
   eoId=5193461457001

   The fireball left a trail of sparks as it travelled in the city of
   Niigata in the north of the country in the early hours of Monday
   morning.

   The flying orb appeared in the sky for about 15 seconds before it
   disappeared.

   Some experts believe the bright ball of light, which was filmed by
   Nippon TV’s weather camera, is actually a meteor.

   One astronomer told NBC the fireball could have been caused by space
   debris, such as satellite fragments burning up as they reentered the
   atmosphere.

Related articles

      WATCH: Shock video shows UFO 'cloaking itself' by hiding in a cloud
      Claims of alien base in HAWAII as ‘classic flying saucer’
       photograp...

   Green light over Japan
   NIPPON TVThe bright green light captured flying over Japan

   IFRAME:
   //players.brightcove.net/2540076170001/4kfqgmETldefault/index.html?vid
   eoId=5192198016001

     This UFO tried hard to disguise itself as a free slowing meteor over
     Japan – however, it made some amateurish mistakes

     UFO blogger Scott C Waring

   The American Meteor Society told 24 Gio the fireball was “brighter than
   normal” and its green hue indicated high levels of nickel.

   “It has the same brightness as the planet Venus in the sky in the early
   morning or at night,” it said.

   But some UFO hunters remain sceptical, claiming the sighting was in
   fact, of an alien ship.

   Scott C Waring, who runs the UFO Sightings Daily blog, said: "This UFO
   tried hard to disguise itself as a free slowing meteor over Japan –
   however, it made some amateurish mistakes.

Notable People That Believe In UFOs

   Sat, September 24, 2016

According to these celebrities aliens and UFOs are among us.

   Play slideshow
   William Shatner: is a UFO believer, saying, 'There is no doubt that
   there is life out there; the mathematics of it lead you to that
   absolute conclusion. In my mind, there is no doubt that the universe
   teems - with life in all its form'
   Getty Images
   1 of 10

   William Shatner: is a UFO believer, saying, 'There is no doubt that
   there is life out there; the mathematics of it lead you to that
   absolute conclusion. In my mind, there is no doubt that the universe
   teems - with life in all its form'

   Green light over Japan NIPPON TV
   Some believe it was an alien ship from another planet

   "Firstly, it’s glowing a colour most meteors don't glow… green.
   Secondly meteorites do not fly horizontal while that low to the planet.

   "Thirdly – and this was the stupidest mistake the aliens made – the
   main ship turned off its glow for only one-tenth of a second.

   "At that moment a silver disk came out and moved back slowly from the
   main ship."

   He added: "See, even aliens make mistakes – this pilot – he made a
   lot."

Related articles

      PROOF OF ALIENS? Staggering pictures of UFOs seen in Vienna go
       viral
      Stunning moment DOZENS of UFOs light up sky and disappear
      Kids primed for 'announcement of alien life' with fake UFO crashes

   UFO

  Most read in Weird

      1
       Nostradamus predictions for 2017: Terrifying forewarnings of 16th
       century prophet revealed

Nostradamus predictions for 2017: Terrifying forewarnings of 16th century
prophet revealed
      2
       ‘Overwhelming evidence’ that Planet X will DESTROY Earth in 2017

‘Overwhelming evidence’ that Planet X will DESTROY Earth in 2017
      3
       Mystery of 24 alien black-boxes discovered near Egypt’s Pyramids of
       Giza

Mystery of 24 alien black-boxes discovered near Egypt’s Pyramids of Giza
      4
       REVEALED: The truth about the mysterious Bermuda Triangle where
       boats and planes vanish

REVEALED: The truth about the mysterious Bermuda Triangle where boats and
planes vanish
      5
       The INCREDIBLE picture that 'proves' Adolf Hitler lived to 95 with
       his Brazilian lover

The INCREDIBLE picture that 'proves' Adolf Hitler lived to 95 with his
Brazilian lover

  Latest videos

   Selfie Video Istanbul Turkey nightclub massacre 39 dead suspect ISIS
   terrorism

Chilling footage shows 'Istanbul ISIS gunman' taking SELFIE VIDEO before club
massacre

   French government Sarkozy hide statistics New Year's Eve arson attack
   increase Le-Pen

French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars
set on fire

   Celebrity Big Brother 2017 James Jordan ‘It was made for me’

Celebrity Big Brother 2017: ‘It was made for me’ James Jordan talks shock
return

   Donald Trump North Korea Kim Jong-un nuclear missile weapon threat
   Twitter it won't happen

'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile
threat to the US

   The Archers Sara Coward dying Caroline Sterling alive Michael Cochrane
   wife

The Archers: Terminally ill Sara Coward asks for Caroline Sterling
replacement after death

   mystery alien boxes discovered egypt great pyramids giza mystery alien
   boxes discovered egypt great pyramids giza

Mystery of 24 alien black-boxes discovered near Egypt’s Pyramids of Giza

   life after death afterlife jesus gary wood life after death afterlife
   jesus gary wood

Man who was clinically dead for an hour ‘I saw Heaven, I met dead friends’

   nostradamus predictions 2017 prophecies nostradamus predictions 2017
   prophecies

Nostradamus predictions for 2017: Terrifying forewarnings of 16th century
prophet revealed

   Planet X end of the world 2017 apocalypse nibiru Planet X end of the
   world 2017 apocalypse nibiru

‘Overwhelming evidence’ that Planet X will DESTROY Earth in 2017

   John Kerry Antarctica secret Nazi UFO base John Kerry Antarctica secret
   Nazi UFO base

SHOCK CLAIM: John Kerry ‘visited Antarctica to examine secret Nazi UFO base’

   Mars alien sitting down NASA Mars alien sitting down NASA

‘I PROVED ALIENS EXIST’ NASA image shows ‘alien sitting down on surface of
Mars’

   rocket scientists find gateway heaven flat earth dome video rocket
   scientists find gateway heaven flat earth dome video

Is this the GATEWAY TO HEAVEN? Startling entrance discovered by amateur
rocket scientists

   Anonymous New World Order take over west drag leaders through streets
   Anonymous New World Order take over west drag leaders through streets

NEW WORLD ORDER: Anonymous group threat to 'drag western leaders through
streets' in 2017

   UFO contrail comet Exmouth Devon Martin Emmins UFO contrail comet
   Exmouth Devon Martin Emmins

PICTURED: 'UFO Came towards us' claim shocked pair

   Apocalypse secret death cult new years day doomsday end of world
   Apocalypse secret death cult new years day doomsday end of world

JANUARY 1 APOCALYPSE: Secret death cult predicted New Year's Day doom

   Ten UFO cases 2016 Roswell Rendlesham Warminster Max Spiers Ten UFO
   cases 2016 Roswell Rendlesham Warminster Max Spiers

Ten astonishing UFO cases that SHOOK THE WORLD in 2016

   aurochs extinct giant cow Operation Tauros Donato Matassino aurochs
   extinct giant cow Operation Tauros Donato Matassino

Scientists close to bringing extinct SEVEN FOOT GIANT COW back to life

   UFO helicopters Albuquerque New Mexico UFO helicopters Albuquerque New
   Mexico

UFO MYSTERY: Fifteen black helicopters seen ‘flying towards location of
bizarre sighting’

   Triangle UFOs MUFON Florida Illinois 2016 Triangle UFOs MUFON Florida
   Illinois 2016

TRIANGLE UFO SENSATION: Bizarre monster 'alien crafts' keep being seen in sky

   WEIRD 2016 Tupac Shakur Elvis Jim Morrison alive aliens manfred Fritz
   Bajorat mummified WEIRD 2016 Tupac Shakur Elvis Jim Morrison alive
   aliens manfred Fritz Bajorat mummified

WEIRD 2016: How 'celebs back from dead', aliens and mummified sailor rocked
internet

   UFO radar over air base Flight Lieutenant Malcolm Williams RAF Lyneham
   Wiltshire UFO radar over air base Flight Lieutenant Malcolm Williams
   RAF Lyneham Wiltshire

Inexplicable UFO captured on radar over air base - claims former RAF
Lieutenant

   mr christmas celebrates every day andy park dinner joey essex mr
   christmas celebrates every day andy park dinner joey essex

Man celebrates Christmas EVERY DAY for 23 years: 'I tried to quit but I love
it too much'

   Alien flying saucer radioactive green chemicals UFO California Alien
   flying saucer radioactive green chemicals UFO California

SHOCK CLAIM: Alien UFO 'sprayed radioactive green chemicals' over homes

   alton towers christmas dinner fast food roller coaster alton towers
   christmas dinner fast food roller coaster

Really fast food: Eat your Christmas dinner at Alton Towers

   christmas squirrels photography sweden seasonal images christmas
   squirrels photography sweden seasonal images

It’s nuts: Festive squirrels celebrate Christmas by posing next to miniature
decorations

   cow urine health benefits skin conditions fight disease cow urine
   health benefits skin conditions fight disease

Taking the Pee: Indian men DRINK and BATHE in cow urine to fight diseases and
stop spots

   Chemtrails Illuminati happy drugs viruses UFO Scott C Waring Chemtrails
   Illuminati happy drugs viruses UFO Scott C Waring

SHOCK CLAIM: Illuminati blasting us with 'happy drugs and viruses through
chemtrails'

   Spoon On Mars NASA photo aliens Spoon On Mars NASA photo aliens

Spoon Found On Mars In NASA photo 'proves intelligent life lived on the Red
Planet'

   SEARCH

    (Submit)

   CONNECT WITH US
      Find us on Facebook
      Follow us on Twitter
      Check us on Google
      Subscribe to our rss feed
      Check our YouTube channel

   TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Tuesday, 3rd January 2017

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

   News
      UK
      World
      Politics
      Royal
      History
      Nature
      Weird
      Obituaries
      Science
      Sunday
      Scotland
      Weather

   UK Politics
      Political Parties
      Politicians
      Constituencies
      EU Referendum

   Sport
      Football
      Transfer news
      UFC
      F1
      Boxing
      Cricket
      Golf
      Tennis
      Rugby Union
      Other
      Racing

   Pics
      Pictures
      Celebrity Galleries
      Royal Galleries
      Sport Galleries

   Vids
      Videos

   Comment
      Express Comment
      Columnists
      Beachcomber

   Finance
      City  Business
      Personal Finance
      Retirement
      The Crusader

   Travel
      Cruise
      Activity Holidays
      Beach Holidays
      Short  City breaks
      Travel News

   Entertainment
      Films
      Gaming
      Theatre
      Books
      Music
      Puzzles

   Puzzles
      Horoscope
      Offers
      Competitions
      Bingo
      Jackpot Millions

   Life  Style
      Health
      Cars
      Life
      Garden
      Food
      Style
      Diets
      Win
      Tech
      Property
      Saturday
      S Mag
      Top 10 Facts

   EXPRESS.CO.UK
      Sitemap
      Site Archive
      Contact Us
      Advertising
      Privacy Policy
      Cookie Policy
      Terms  Conditions
      Design by Netro42
      Syndication and Licensing
      Clarifications and Corrections

      Daily Star
      OK! Magazine
      new! Magazine
      Star Magazine
      Health Lottery

   Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express"
   is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
